Dude is it caps lock day???
Ahem....  DUDE IS IT CAPS LOCK DAY???
YES DOGDOG IT IS CAPS LOCK DAY
quile:  No clue...  sometimes it happens if my previous session does not disconnect cleanly
Some data structure inside freenode still thinks patchwork is here
I mean, it is pretty awesome... but I bet it has some crazy dark corners in that code
Ah yeah, how is that going?
Oooohhhh yeah
quile:  Yeah, but I thought you were getting the benefits of using node instead?
Are there just not comparable libs for node?  Or just not enough?
Ah right
That is significant
quile: Does core.async work on node?
Got it, yeah it would be awesome if you could pull it off : )
I mean, I guess you CAN do that
I can't imagine why... ?
Hahaha yeeeeeeeeeeaah
That is basically what he was doing, using the namespace as a data structure
Whoa!  Okay....  yeah you can still use data structures for that
To be the antihickey he must be of comparable power, just opposed.  Which I think is still in question
justin_smith:  No, looks interesting though!
Yeah pretty dark.  I like how it sets up an actual existing social situation in a game setting to convey how fucked up it is... yet in real life we do this all the time
For some reason when it is in a game it is more obviously fucked up... what is that about?
justin_smith:  Ha!  Dude now what will you do with your life?
justin_smith:  Totally!  I usually can't get too far out of downtown during the day, but I eat lunch out every day if you are willing to come down here.
Great pho place if you are into that kind of thing
justin_smith:  How long ago was that?  Good session by the way
Maybe two weeks now?  Yeah man, let's hang out!
justin_smith:  I did not!
It happens to everybody
justin_smith:  Pho TNT - https://plus.google.com/118418075532866072675/about?gl=us&hl=en
justin_smith:  Let's do 11:30 if that works for you (beat the rush!)
Ooooh right!
Neither do I
It is some kind of elaborate process, I just haven't gone through the trouble yet
justin_smith:  Ah!  Yeah I can add you to the group
Unless we want to do a classic open source style fragmentation of the community
justin_smith:  You are now a member of the polaris group
