Of course, it needs a huge amount of data to start making any reasonable statements
Let's see if this works a little better
Is your face a capital letter?
I think you may have to convince us that you are actually sentient
It is better to have a face than to stand alone in the world
But a face has no real existence outside the rest of the head
It does seem to work better when you unite the tokens
Aha!  So not all tokens that end a statement in parsing end the same statement when generating
it will respond to you in the manner you speak
In the end, it is tracking everything we say
so if we are talking to each other, it will not be that weird
but you can certainly seed it with enough weirdness to be weird
it is only parroting back what each person says to it
he reflects our own minds back at us, so we can't help but love him
he is already emulating us pretty well
It has captured your essence precisely justin_smith!
I restored our discussion from previously as well
justin_smith:  Give it a shot, the snowpeople were not showing up in my emacs, but I think the chars are still there
I never ate lunch!
There we go
Alright awesome, the snowmen are intact!
I do
do you not see snowmen?
I don't see them in my emacs for some reason, but I do see them in the channel
Alright we have a friendly channel bot
who progressively emulates the channel inhabitants
My machine at the moment
I may put it on a server somewhere
https://github.com/prismofeverything/gort
Most of the complexity comes from persisting each nick's history in a file
Alright, now to eat some lunch (this took longer than I expected)
Tricky
Ha!
It won't actually /msg because it is performing the operation separately
but I see what you are trying to do there
I think you have created the ultimate snowman machine
Ha!
Now that is a true statement
Dude, snowman mayhem
Happy Tau Day!
: )
??????
Surely he will attain sentience soon under such conditions
You can call render-string on it, check out the tests in antlers/antler
It takes a string and a map
ralfonso: !!!!!
welcome back to the earthly plane yo!
Yeah gravity's a drag, but the food is tasty
ralfonso:  Also:   http://euroclojure.com/2013/
I want to submit a presentation for that one
submissions begin July 15th
Well yeah
(he responds to capital d's in case you guys were wondering)
All this DC talk is setting him off
There we go
Yeah, I wonder if instrument will spring for us to go to Berlin (!)
But if we were presenting it would provide a strong case
: )
Ah yeah!  I wonder what these people require in terms of a presentation proposal
Actually, looking at this:  http://euroclojure.com/2013/call-for-presentations/  we should have it covered
ralfonso:  Is it basically the same idea as pallet?
I haven't actually messed with puppet
That feedback loop may spiral out of control man, you would be hearing your own responses to yourself hearing the responses of the responses you are hearing...
Madness
Anyone going out to lunch today?
quile:  until you speak enough german that is probably all it will be able to say!
Ah yes, zalgo coming soon
possibly… capital Z?
??????????
I could have sworn you could add an attachment
is that a postmark limitation or a limitation of the clojure postmark library?
Do it, we should issue some pull requests if we are actually extending the functionality in significantly useful ways
Well, good to know that pdf's are always safe
Just attach some exe files renamed as ".pdf" !
Always true
????
quile man this bot is nasty
That is quite a selection of noun adjectives quile
!!!
What have we created?
Who doesn't?
zipper is a troubling presence in the noun list
He would be booted from #clojure in like 2 secondsx
I can send him into #caribou
Oh man, blop is not even in there any more
Oh yeah, he can join whatever channel we send him to
I am, I am
throat also, is a disturbing contribution
Speaking of bots:  http://i.imgur.com/dx7sVXj.jpg
Ha!  agreed
good story though
http://i.imgur.com/7BlZkcR.jpg
Yeah let's get some lunch
Ha!  That looks amazing
I like the ET homage at the end there
All superheroes should be required to be solved before they could perform any effective action
Hey mking!  how goes?
Have you held them up to a giant magnet?
I hear that snaps them into resonating capacity
CERN has a couple extra I think
As you can see, #instrument is still infested with bots
(but only as of Friday)
describes many people I see on a day to day basis
Once you start programming yourself, there is no stopping the juggernaut of recursion
Eventual result:  http://i.imgur.com/Vzp9JLK.jpg
I can never bring myself to revert
It would feel like scooping out your own brain with a spoon
Yeah man you seeded that three word poem with some pretty gruesome inhabitants
It filters out the most common triggers
Otherwise it would only say "D"
When did I ever say blop?
justin_smith:  currently just an exclusive or.  Inclusive may get out of control?
It could be combinatorial, ie combine every directive into a single phrase
Z3D would return a three word poem composed of your own statements rendered in zalgo
Yeah my IRC client is dragging as well.  I'm not sure the coders who wrote these things were optimizing for Zalgo
It must be some serious algorithmagic to apply all of those tibetan characters over each other recursively
erc!  I stopped using that because I was watching my erc buffer instead of coding
Yeah I guess on reflection it did not solve the problem, as now I am just screwing around with bots in whatever client I am using
I keep all my planets on a dedicated planet shelf
but fungus can be a problem
They are all out of the tectonic stuff
I should seed it with its own code
clojure eval sandbox?
You can export specific tables
Also, a sql dump is just a text file so you can remove the lines you don't want
Right.  You could export what you need as EDN?
So are they model changes or content changes?
justin_smith:  We need a generalized method for this
If I had three weeks to code it...
(which maybe I do!)
quile:  Sam Aaron?
That guy is overtone powerhouse
Ah!  yeah other overtone powerhouse
They have a pretty tight-knit community
justin_smith:  I was just thinking that
would probably not be too hard to write, the question is how do you represent the diffs in a way that is programmatically usable?
There you go
(forming an algorithm in my head)
But are you updating a map afterwards?  Aren't you trying to navigate it and perform operations for each diff?
That sounds right, when you say update-in I am just imagining a giant list of parallel paths into a map
which could be unwieldly, and possibly redundant
I am imagining a more concise representation exists
But again, if it works that is the first requirement!
Ah, there I was thinking of a general arbitrary-depth algorithm
Yeah but if you are just tracking model differences it is model —> field
two levels
Really you could just transform that into a model update, or directly into a migration
Alright, my ride is leaving
mking, good to see you!
#instrument channel revival
Good morning.  Apparently the world is still maD
I had a lot of donor in berlin
which has a lot of turkish people
donor everywhere
it is tasty
justin_smith: Do you mean a vector of the differences between the results?
I is amazing how many times I type capital D's without noticing
Got it
quile:  You want to get some lunch?
justin_smith:  That looks like a rubik's cube
Also:  reality
Ah yes!
one moment
sql-lite error!
Luckily the exceptions don't compromise his state anymore
Yeah
I added that in after some exceptions destroyed his ability to respond
!!!
oh man
Ha!  apparently the regex does not include non-alphanumerics
"We", as in quile who invented all this
conjoined orthogonal polyhedron… that almost makes sense
quile:  Then we could not add new words like hypoencephalomatic
Are we already abusing the new found power you have given us quile?
three
Nice
!!
I love it, great addition
quile:  If you need to edit the db let me know
I don't know what git conflicts for a sqlite db would be like
First act:  removing balls
Here, I'll take care of that right now
For some reason I never get a long statement from zalgo
Maybe I am doing something wrong there
Hey AWM1:  what is this program your dad wrote?
What other kinds of stuff does he do?
quile: LOTS more code to make these handlers, but in the end it will be better
composeability and flexibility comes at a price (always)
quile:  Can you pass {:adjective … :noun … } into the three word poem generator?
cool
justin_smith:  That is terrible.  The world may never recover from your sheer audacity
I would like to see this in action
Nusto!  It was barfing on "filename too long" when compiling zalgo.clj
Do a pull on master quile, check out the code
do you know any poems?
do you know any poems in zalgo?
Dude, rhombus supernova melody….
Did you add it to the twp handler?
Did you install nrepl through package.el?
Apparently freenode is under a DDOS
Apparently they have been under more frequent and longer duration DDOS this year
Oh yeah.  ChessPlayer is a classic FUD spreading troll
It has a version number of 0.11.31-COMPOSIBLE
Oh man, as if juicy harpy slit was not a bad enough poem
3 word poems are endlessly fun
I thought we filtered out the 3's and the word adding?
Hey justin_smith:  Do you have headspace now to sort out all these caribou versions in the wild?
Well, s3 is a storage layer, like a db
frontend should farm out to core for any s3 stuff, if that makes sense...
So really, the s3 stuff could almost go in lichen
The question is:  should someone using lichen as a standalone be able to resize images from s3 back to s3?
justin_smith:  the endpoint (whether on disk or s3) things get resized to will have to be configured in core
3(A-B-C-D)t^2 + 2Bt + C
Do we have tests for all this?
We might just want to return the path to the new asset, whether it is on s3 or locally
Right, so maybe we just return a URL object, which works for s3 or on disk
Have you ever seen the same noun three times?
{{#= environment :production}}CONDITIONAL ON PRODUCTION{{/=environment :production}}
Do you have `=` as a helper?
Alright, how about the difference between these two:  https://www.refheap.com/16753
Delinearizing the program
Drone lady!
Everyone says get the DJI phantom instead (which is almost $700!)
Done with sudoku
Definitely feeling some murakutei today
I spent three years in a panda zoo in the human exhibit until funding went dry, then I was just released into the wild
Hey justin_smith:  Did you work out your lichen issues?
quile:  Do you have the latest webserver benchmarks?
Do not fear the future
As of 3 minutes ago
What do you mean?  Do we use alter-var-root?
Done!
http://www.informationweek.com/security/attacks/https-hackable-in-30-seconds-dhs-alert/240159435
(defn find-methods [x] (map #(.getName %) (.getDeclaredMethods (class x))))
("numberOfLeadingZeros" "numberOfTrailingZeros" "bitCount" "equals" "toString" "toString" "toString" "hashCode" "reverseBytes" "compareTo" "compareTo" "getLong" "getLong" "getLong" "byteValue" "shortValue" "intValue" "longValue" "floatValue" "doubleValue" "valueOf" "valueOf" "valueOf" "toHexString" "getChars" "decode" "reverse" "toOctalString" "toBinaryString" "toUnsignedString" "stringSize" "highestOneBit" "lowestOneBit"
Dude!  there is already an o'reilly book?
justin_smith:  Do we need to have the size of the file before uploading to s3?
Which is really only a problem for s3
I can even get the size after the stream is written to disk, but once again, doesn't work for s3
I guess we could just read the whole thing in to find the size, then post it to s3
So:  File, URL, byte array, string all work fine for s3 or disk
Sure, if the upload to s3 returns the size
Dude I can't even get a basic cljs file to compile
justin_smith:  Do you have any notes on your beanstalk deployment?
justin_smith:  Do you have any notes on deploying to beanstalk?
ralfonso:  Actually, I will send out my current thoughts on how to define routes and pages using EDN so you can check it out
Does pedestal have nested routes?
I thought of a better name for the 3d node game
1x1:  bit — 1x2:  foot — 1x3:  island — 2x1:  monolith — 2x2:  byte — 3x1: tower
I met with Max last night and we were trying to imagine 3d vectors of complex numbers
but three planes all orthogonal… 6d visualization
This is a great book all about trying to imagine a fourth spatial dimension: http://www.amazon.com/Geometry-Relativity-Fourth-Dimension-Rudolf/dp/0486234002
Question about the distinction between routes and pages:  Does a method (like GET or POST) go with a route, or with the page?
Dude, nrepl?
Right, that is full IDE right there
justin_smith:  Did you write down any of that conversation we had about the blog post you were going to make?
quile:  Dude, what did you do to Daisy?
ralfonso:  Do you have lein-ring installed?
justin_smith:  Did we ever release that latest version of lichen?
justin_smith:  Do you have a version of frontend somewhere using the latest lichen?
New version of lein-caribou:  2.3.0
Well, I guess that is covered in the -D=environment=production etc
justin_smith:  Do the prod deploy
Didn't mean to give you shit
quile:  Does it work?
So in your project.clj just update the versions of the three libs
Do they both have the same context-path?
Does it have :path-info in there?
Dude!  I have seen that video
You are using s3 right?
Does it have to do a request for every resize?
We just keep a map of which urls have been resized locally so we don't have to check s3
Dude!  That is an achievement
DTC is akin to an old squashed starburst candy
http://swannodette.github.io/2013/07/12/communicating-sequential-processes/
DON'T DO IT JSMITH
Don't let them compromise implementation just for perceived "admin simplicity"
Dude, I need to live there
Dude, you should sign up
quile:  Doesn't that make you anxious?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCzvc3Cl6xE
justin_smith:  Do you have a passport?
http://travel.state.gov/passport/hurry/hurry_831.html
Looks like 2-3 weeks for the expedited one
3+++++
Do we really need that stuff?
We can put that in the README's I think
Definitely something will be called "Mysterium"
{{inc 5 | + 33}} —> 39
justin_smith:  Did you have a lichen fix?
WWCWJD
WWJDDD?
Did they fix the unicode table name issue?
justin_smith:  What is our latest situation for hosting assets on s3?
Ah!  Did you see we got resizing on s3 working? : )
Ah, s3 is high latency?
Do you have 0.12.8 for everything?
justin_smith:  What is in all these packages you are using?  0.11.29-P2… 0.11.32-COMPOSIBLE?
Do you have the same ruby version as everyone else?
Doesn't grunt just compile things?  Have you compared the compiled output and see if it is different?
: D
Dude, it should not be too bad
Didn't you have some thoughts about that?
Do you have head space to help with logging, with the eventual goal of releasing the router as a separate lib?
Dude!
Did you guys sign up for that?
Das ist stimmt
Du kennst mehr Deutsch, als ich
Does that mess with your situation?
0.12.13 gives you enum ordering and where conditions as well
Yeah, just pushed latest 0.12.13
You should have 0.12.13 core now
Alright, how about hawaiian TODAY?
Do we have a comprehensive readme for lichen?
Docs also: never complete
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/603283/what-is-the-best-java-image-processing-library-approach
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5874593/loading-large-images-as-thumbnails-without-memory-issues-in-java
Are you running through the s3 resize?
Each is getting hung up on s3 latency, all that is hanging out in memory
I can't get resident above 300, which is reasonable
TIME #inst "2013-09-18T22:03:13.869-00:00" MEMORY USAGE: 81.0625
Have you collected them all?  Do they ever recur?
Dude, those are obvious strikeouts
Did hawaiian destroy you?
Processing is pretty vast at this point, I think it even does 3d
http://24.media.tumblr.com/66107f7ecf8d6cb13ac324a216f91111/tumblr_mlweptIulO1sp7oalo1_400.gif
Alright quile:  Do you need this ordering order ordering?
justin_smith:  Do you have it outside the wrap-caribou call?
Dude, I love your new language
Do they render the same template or different templates?
von jetzt weiter, so viel Deutsch wie möglich
H U N D H U N D H U N D
Datomic is rad
Du verlierst dein Verstand
justin_smith:  Dawn is awesome.  I'm sure she would help you if you asked
justin_smith:  Don't let that stop you
You have to have the three db's that correspond to the three test-* configs
Diving in now
Ich habe ein gut chatten mit meinem Deutsch Freund gehabt
Er bestimmt meinen schlechten Deutsch
Dude, hund does not have an umlaut
Do we use it anywhere?
Does it not work?
This is a pretty good article on the permgen problem justin_smith found: http://cdivilly.wordpress.com/2012/04/23/permgen-memory-leak/
Dude, just bind the tree you create in routes.clj to some global var
CAN YOU HANDLE IT
But explicit is better than implicit, and I feel the implicit AND is kind of a hack at this point
quile:  Did you talk to J5?
Now that I have written all these docs too it felt pretty straightforward to get the README going
Did you guys work out the admin issue?
Database does not exist
Basically the upload-to-s3 function requires size now… Does the s3 upload require a size argument?
Done!
does it make sense to link it from the README?
Deps are the silliest
justin_smith:  INDEED
Do an update
How can we have a 3wp about a commandline?  It is a single noun, just with a compound representation
Doesn't settle entirely well it seems
Do they have to interact at all?
Dude, it does not need to be that complicated
Do you need it now?
Dude, if you want to work on the admin-something before that hits check out creating roles+permissions
Huh?  Do you have everything pushed up?
quile:  Do you want the new template?  I will push it up, just a second
quile:  What is the format for three word poems?
I think he parsed ==D as its own word
Does it??
Have any of you seen beyond the black rainbow?   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1534085/
The first review is pretty good: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1534085/reviews?ref_=tt_ov_rt
Did you make a bot of some kind?
Okay, now for the moment of truth
but he will persist everything else
Yeah what is all this?
Why don't we just take some tequila shots?
That was an ancient victory for justin_smith
quile:  What's up?
quile:  I get it now!
Apparently I have used a curly brace before
ZD
I am not clicking that link
Beethoven wins
Beethoven has more views in history overall
I am also listening to music but can hear both, so the synergy is amazing
Right!  If ever an email mentions his name, he will respond with a paragraph
We should give him something with long text, like Atlas Shrugged
Yeah send it out to devs.  I don't think this is anything that anyone even thinks about, so getting it on the radar would be the first step
Check this out: https://github.com/bitemyapp/revise/
Oh yeah?
What did he have to say about it?
It looks cool, is it really a clojure db with no sql behind it?
Aha
so it is a frontend for a nosql
Oh, weird!
Okay, less interested now!
ha
Ha!  Well then...
That sounds right
I think it gets inserted when you call % lein ring server
I don't know why that tries to insert middleware for you
Seems like it is overstepping its bounds
Wow, all of this is amazing
That was easy
Alright just ran through the demo again
This thing is good to go
I'm going to record this thing, then let's kick it out the door
Ha
That is amazing
Our api exports csv
_api/model.csv
It quotes them
Are you on an old version?
I just tried it and it worked
Ah
Oh I misread
Our api quotes the csv, I'm not sure about your situation
I am down for anything
thinking of sushi
quile:  You in for lunch today?
Ha!
justin_smith:  You down for sushi?
I just added rainbow parens to everything, suddenly my code looks amazing
My code is now literally a rainbow
starting with purple going down the spectrum
Yep, painstaking rainbow construction
It is all worth it
Datomic is my favorite 3d library
Yes
Well, once we get the php -> clojure tool working...
Cool idea
Would that be useful?  Sounds good to me!
justin_smith:  Good question, no clue!
some people still fear irc?
Sometimes
though in general yeah
Looks like it yeah
Yeah, we say s3 way too much to dogdog
Wow, a trapezoid vasectomy
Yeah, not a pleasant procedure
Well that is nicer
Radical!
PAREDIT FOR LIFE
quile:  Yes I worked on it yesterday… just getting started on the frontend!
I was planning on working on it today as well
Want to have a powwow about the frontend actually?
Yeah let's have a session later today
!
I should be further along by this afternoon… maybe 3:00?
Spectacular
quile:  Radical
Yeah I can get it in the next release
I am planning to release 0.13.0, gathering all the random changes
Well, neil is basically an adjective
#clojure is basically unreadable now that all I ever see is "bitemyapp" everywhere D
Worst nick ever
makes me not even want to read the channel
Maybe I should ignore the guy and infer his statements from the replies
Officially more #clojure users than #django users
#ruby:  arguing about how to make the language faster
#django:  how to build a url out of a reference to an image on disk
Yeah, this is a good conversation so far (on #perl)
#clojure has the least dicks of any channel I've been on so far
Empirical anecdotal evidence
Ha!  Right, yeah well I was in just-forge-ahead mode
Sometimes you have to play the hand you are dealt
Not as bad as that one attempt!
quile:  Did you watch the whole thing?
quile:  The ending is the best part
The siphons work great
Seriously awesome feature
Cool
It is really a caribou demo, and not really an introduction to caribou per se
That is my main issue with it when I take a step back
We need like a 3 minute "What is caribou?" video with cool motion graphics etc
Right!
Here's a schmetterling question:  Break on every exception, or make the user say what exceptions to break on?
Provide a breakpoint/break on exception API?
???
Ah, in the middle of getting some things working, I'll let you guys know when it would be productive to pair up soon
I can say this much:  it is radical
The mysterium is upon us
Of course
55555 D
quile:  lunch soon?
justin_smith:  Maybe I will use datomic finally?
Also justin_smith:  I like how you are hanging out on IRC for your vacation day!
quile:  Alright meeting should be wrapping up soon
quile:  Let's go!
Who is obsesseD with s3
Someone should let her know
justin_smith:  Not yet!
so close
still under basic-auth
Really??
Right
Basically I just need to make a new release and we are good to go
I think we will release on Tuesday
I love numerical holidays
I want a graph theoretic holiday
That is composed of distinctive graph relationships
Ha!  Good point
In a format that actually makes sense
rather than the arbitrary ordering we use
Whoa… wtf!!
Well, they probably have backups on their own machines?
Automation can destroy things just as much as (possibly more than?) human error apparently
So someone must have the most recent repos for all of these, right?
On their machine
Since someone had to code it in the first place!
Wow, so the process made this inevitable really
Gnarly
Ah, that is good to know
quile justin_smith: You guys down for lunch today?
You guys have an idea of where to go?
Dare I propose:  Hawaii?
Volcanos?
How do you feel about now?
As in:  right now!
In a way, it is the only time
No other times exist really
There exists a now where we are happily eating hawaiian food
quile:  What the hell is "cool time"?
alright, turning of hotspot seemed to fix it!
That is fortunate
I have access to the locals from the let
(+ a b) —> 1
Radical, this thing is good to go
So many gotchas with the JVM
Yes thank you justin_smith
Aha, thanks quile!  For some reason I couldn't find anything on using ObjectReference
I guess I needed to know to look in the larger context of java reflection
quile:  Right!  Even the class is an Object that refers to the class rather than an actual Class class… !
It is a form of madness
Gangst is gooD
patternosis is also good
Hyperpatternplex
So what was Phong talking about the centering of that list in the Caribou docs?
It looks centered to me
Also:  Just got a 403 on http://use.typekit.net/c/639a07/freight-sans-pro !
quile:  You know what is up with typekit??  weird
Huh
Ah well
Caribou is released!  http://let-caribou.in/
Drafting a message to the Clojure mailing list right now
Radical : )
justin_smith:  We really need to update the README for lichen
justin_smith:  I updated the version, but it needs full usage
It still said antler/lichen!
justin_smith:  Right, that usage still works
justin_smith: Yes!
Apparently it is waiting for approval
Well, apparently my post must be approved by a human being
Who knows when that will be?
Gah!  Right on the verge, then denied...
Time to exercise some patience then...
PATIENCE IS ANNOYING
Ahem
Alright, post up!
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/clojure/KeyaMJERW0o
Now we wait
Ah, I was thinking about just taking over #caribou after all...
Yo justin_smith!
I have not seen
you mean on #clojure?
I just logged in
So wait, what would be an async call?
Also, I just saw you posted about the immutant thing
Is that still an issue?  I thought I fixed that, but is it still a dependency in order to run?
Have you tried the latest template?
Right, it's in the template, but you don't have to install it right?
Okay
What is wrap-request?
wrap-request-map?
Ah, that is some relic from long ago
I didn't even realize that was still inthere
We don't even use that, we can take it out
So the other one would be the config yeah?
Right, it is the pure functional way to do things
Wait though, the config is not changing per thread
it is the same in all threads
Or it should be
That is why we were talking about using avout, to synchronize the config across all threads (and instances)
How would that happen?
Well, the init function is always called… so yeah?
When JB used butterfly, we initialized it in the init method
Not that I know of
init is always called, other threads are spawned from there
So it is not actually an issue then?  I'm sorry I missed this conversation!
Well, I thought that is what we were doing with the whole config thing
I'll talk to him about it, but not right now
As I understand our current setup, there is only one config that is owned by the user, and the var just acts as a reference to that
it is not changing in different threads etc
unless there is something I am missing
Ah, but you can have several configs, and just call (with-caribou other-config …) with a different one and get a different app
So anything in the same (with-caribou) call uses the same config...
Right, just trying to understand that
What is the nature of this mess?
Okay
I see… hmm...
So this would only be an issue if you were using two configs at once?
Why would you ever use two configs at once… huh
I thought you would do that if you switched it out in the repl, for testing or something
Yeah
But I don't really see why you would do it in a single request… do you?
weird
I think the argument applies to that wrap-request situation, but I just took that out!
that is a good catch
Okay, too bad it was even in there
Ah I see also immutant is listed in the dependencies
interesting...
I just checked, it is a dependency
even if you don't use it, it is still listed in dependencies and it still downloads
I fixed the thing where it would error out on you in weird cases
but I guess it is still a dependency *sigh*
I wonder if there is a way to support it without having it be a dependency?
not sure about that
ring and immutant use the same handler
We will have to think about it
it is nice to support it
as long as it doesn't interfere with anything
So wait, is search indexing still a problem?
Yeah, but without doing that is it broken?
We should figure that out too.  It sucks to not have search if it is in tomcat
Yeah, because if it fails on tomcat deploy we need to fix it
Right, but tomcat can use the disk, just not a dir inside its deployed tree
So it would be fine, if we configure it right
Maybe we could write the index to s3 or something insane
or another cache somewhere in memory
Ah, interesting
Yeah, that could work
Right
Then lichen could just use that… maybe
Yeah man have a good one!
justin_smith:  We will have to avoid just spamming the channel about it
Like this guy who is asking right now
tempted to point him to caribou, but maybe I will restrain myself!
Right, I would much rather other people suggest it!
Hmm… people talking about formatting issues.  Must be something with the md->html converter
quile:  http://caribou.github.io/caribou/docs/models.html
existingconfiguration
Wait, how did it disappear?
Hmm… not on my machine
Ha!  what?
Who wrote it?
Wow, crazy!
Alright
Well, if he retracted it, won't he be upset about that?
quile:  All over the model page
It looks like if a line ends abruptly, rather than with a space, it will run together
quile:  fixing now
justin_smith: Agreed
justin_smith:  I don't see the repo
Maybe when he deleted it it deleted all forks?
Is that possible?
Really!
do you have a url?
I don't find it on clojars either
Alright, found it
I can pull the jar and extract the code??
Ha
He is also the guy behind all the reload stuff
He wrote tools.namespace
Forked
Did he give a reason?
Wow, crazy
Hilarious that I pushed it at some point in the past!
Not sure where that came from
Maybe ralfonso_ did it?
Ah no, it was me!
I did it on October 2nd apparently
it was a SNAPSHOT version and I wanted to deploy it
So I forked it and changed the version
quile:  fixed some formatting I found in model.html
Did you find any others?
Ha!  Someone already posted to /r/clojure:  http://www.reddit.com/r/Clojure/comments/1qi7mo/releasing_caribou_today_open_source_clojure_web/
Right, people really seem to like it!
Well… for now
Yeah it is
Cool to see!
And, the caribou repo has 12 stars!  and three forks!  hahaha
Even schmetterling has 5 stars… crazy
Ha!  probably
No one likes immutant?  Immutant is rad
*sigh*
Right
quile:  Good question!
Yeah, maybe I can fix the md->html lib, since it seems to be consistently any newlines inside a list
I am thinking about postponing clojure workshop today
in the middle of some stuff
I love the kebab concept
This is important informatino
That is cool
Weird functions
I think this might be covered by reducers, but I am not sure
I have never used them
Right, something like that
justin_smith:  What was going slow?
Right on!
I was just wondering what Kara was talking about, was something slow on teague?
Ah right!
Okay cool
Yeah as long as we have some kind of caching it should be fine
what is the url?
Seemed to load fast for me!
quile:  Spectacular
Can't wait to see the demo : )
Yeah, that is huge
justin_smith:  What do you mean?
I have no idea what that means
Ah… so that is what poop is
Such a multifaceted word, poop
Right
Or like jenkins scale poop
"Pull a jenkins" is now a significant phrase
Evaluating clojure expressions in a java context
by the way, totally works
Now displaying locals
I love this thing
Ha, little do they know the darkness that lies within
Give it awhile, they will be cursing us soon
quile:  You going to lunch today?
Want to go soon?
We could do indian : )
That is always quick
justin_smith:  You down for lunch?
justin_smith:  Ha!  that sounds good
quile:  Want to go soon?  : )
quile:  It is always cool time
This is why I am not cool
It is too annoying
Then I judge coolness as wankery
Then I am cool.  Metacool
Will some cool person come and judge my locals styling?  I think it may be too extreme
(can locals be TOO extreme?)
http://i.imgur.com/W49yd0z.gif
Sometimes I just gaze at my code lovingly without even understanding it
There you be D
quile:  Where did you go yo!+
You have been replaced
Ha!
I saw that live once
was ridiculous and amazing
quile:  Invoked a remote method from an ObjectReference
Got the List of Methods from the ReferenceType of the ObjectReference, found the one I want, passed in the ThreadReference and got a StringReference back
I feel like this is some kind of rite of passage
Now nothing will be too convolutedly abstract for me to deal with
Ha!  I was drunk when I wrote my response to taht
probably not a good policy
Still, I stand by it
Just had my teeth cleaned
Always a medieval experience
Love that tune
quile:  What the hell!
Your dad is amazing
*drunken rambling*
Speaking of lunch...
Anyone down for lunch today?
quile_:  Let's go!
Fine by me
Ha!  They (rightfully) jab at the ecosystem part : )
I still think it is better than framework
justin_smith:  Did you help him out?
quile_:  agreed
My favorite kind of obscenity
Teaching positive values
Wow, that is insane
Dude, looks beautiful!
Now THAT would be amazing
Oh right!
is it not default in production.clj?
I have to update that thing
we should not be reloading controllers or templates either
Yeah, we have to turn of template reloading… I think
let me check
Ah no, templates don't reload by default
You should make sure you don't have a {:template {:cache-strategy :never}}
Oh wait!  right, yeah you have to set that to {:template {:cache-strategy :always}}
To cache the templates
Just push to caribou-development
I'll get it in the template later, once we are ready to release
Yeah weird, I just tried on caribou-development and it loads the routes the first request and just serves them
Ah, are you turning off controller reloading?
{:controller {:reload false}}
Well, it only reloads if things have changed
even if :reload true
justin_smith:  I believe you, but it is not happening on the regular caribou-development site, so it must be something else you are doing
quile:  What happened to your underscore?
That seems wrong
it should set a cookie for each client, not request
caching issues?
caching is issues
justin_smith:  Anything like this?  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13933703/varnish-3-0-2-problems-with-post-requests
Looks like varnish can fuck with posts
That may be wise
What is the deal?
??
How is that even possible?
What are the differences between production and staging?
Yeah, turns out it was the thing trying to make index files
Yeah, we should have an option
But really, you can support it on ec2
Right, that is a way to turn it off!
So does that mean they can have admin search on ec2?  Is there any other obstacle?
Embrace search into your heart justin_smith
How is that different from a let?
Hmm… so a single binding let macro
interesting
I did not know that!
quile:  I'm sure it would be, we have just never supported it!
We force indexing upon the user, whether they like it or not
I don't know why this comes up over and over… immutant is optional (though it is still a dependency)
You don't have to use it
Indexing, you do
But not anymore…
Well, somehow something always goes wrong on launch
It is some kind of universal law
Though it is always good to reflect on how problems could have been avoided
As in: How did it get this far without anyone realizing save didn't work on production?  Seems like it would have come up before now
Ah yes
That is always a good policy
There you go
ralfonso:  What does it do?
PageComments
: )
CommentProxy
CommentOmnibus
It is not bad
I love omnibus in general
of course I already added that
Speaking of!  quile can you hit up lunch today?
I'll drive
jinx!
ralfonso:  CommentZoo
with every type of comment a different species with a separate comment habitat
You could export them using caribou-core/src/caribou/io.clj
as edn
Then import them
No the id thing is a problem, id's are assigned automatically
What would they do?
justin_smith:  Ah yeah, that should definitely be on there
Well holy hell.  The more you know
It is only because of sadness that doesn't actually work
http://i.imgur.com/TbRAFaA.png?1
This is the coolest thing ever
That sounds mad
MADNESS
I fear for us all
The stacktrace of poocafe will live for all time
quile:  Can you help with this scrolling thing?  I am close (or maybe not)
Trying to figure out the right combo of properties : )
No worries
Thomas for some reason is MIA
I was talking to that guy
had a wacky java install
Yep!
Right
We could check it out
Do you have an idea of how you would use it to solve our problem?
Let's see what everyone else wants to do, maybe a simpler starting place will be best, but who knows?
Has no dot product
justin_smith:  It works great from a fresh schema
So you can export models and content
from one dgb
and import it into a different db
justin_smith:  I haven't yet tried it with a db that is already populated with other content
but in theory it should work
The trick is if you have associated things, you have to export both sides of the association to maintain references
But that will improve once I start using UUID's for everything
basically, everything will have to change (uuid instead of id for basically everything… I think)
(still puzzling on that one)
It would mean changing how every reference works in the system
which could be correct
but will be a huge amount of work
Still thinking about the best way to go about it
justin_smith:  Yeah man
This is all radical
justin_smith:  Definitely talk to Phong first
As in changes that are done and waiting for review before they can be released
(review by whom, that is unknown)
(or undefined)
That could be helpful
quile:  I got this working if you want check it out
quile:  Down for lunch?
Ha!  have good
That is amazing
Yeah it is pretty cool
He has canonized his approach to reloading
We can just fork it and everyone will use ours once he renames it or takes it down or whatever
He just has a severe philosophy on backward compatibility
Which is not necessarily wrong, but maybe wrong
The cycle has to end somewhere
justin_smith:  I am open to any recommendations
quile:  If you feel like taking a break you should come critique my animations (just getting started on history now… !)
quile:  THE VALKYRIE CALLS YOUR NAME
quile:  Two moments
It is awesome
and egregious
quile:  Alright man, check this out
quile:  Alright man I think schmetterling is ready to go
I'm going to pimp out the readme and announce the thing
Yeah what is that about?
quile: https://github.com/prismofeverything/schmetterling
Also, we are headed to Riyadh's if you want some schwarma
Cool!
quile:  Do you know how to use gimp?
Make a butterfly : )
with vector graphics
I am kind of getting it
Yeah, this thing is vast
good call
Uh-oh
LONG PAUSE
Why am I talking about s3 all the time dogdog?
I have to purge that from your memory banks
JUSTICE FOR DOGDOG
yes dogdog, we are using s3
Good morning #instrument!
quile:  How is your project coming along?
quile:  Soooooo… you are done then?  : D
quile:  Got it
justin_smith:  When you were trying to make us tracked by the NSA
That is always a danger
quile:  Lunch today?
quile:  Foodcarts?  Robo?  Bunk?
hawaii?
OTHER?
neildf:  Purdy and I are talking about building a library for managing state across networks
which would be the basis for a variety of things, including network games
quile:  Yes, specifically, CHARRED MESH
quile:  Let's go!
neildf:  Hawaiian food?
justin_smith:  the build, this place and weareinstrument all use it
I guess I wasn't referring to your deploys!
justin_smith:  Immutant is awesome
Do you have something against it?
http://immutant.org/
It does far more than that
The messaging API is especially interesting
quile:  What was the thing you reminded me I was going to do for the next Caribou release?
forgetting momentarily
Ah!  Right!
Agreed
On the list
Understood!
I have a pile of random things to do for the next release
Most of them are pretty minor
The hero we need
I love it
quile:  caribou meeting?
Is it too early for lunch?
justin_smith:  Radical!
let's build some audio browser animal
I'm not sure anymore
I think so
I changed it up recently
with all the config stuff
I can look in a minute if you don't find it
Awesome
Alright, just released a lein template for generating projects that use clojurescript to communicate with httpkit over websockets!
https://github.com/prismofeverything/cljs-ws
(since it took a minute to set up the first time)
justin_smith:  Alright let me take a look
All you need to do is run (caribou.model/invoke-models) for the model cache
Ah!  I see what you mean
Yeah init should clear the queries
That is an oversight
Well just include it with the rest of your avout pr
invoke-models should do it
Ah!  I see
So you just insert the avout ref into the request?
Or what?
That will be highly general, I like it
I'm curious how it will all work with the model/query stuff
(and pages!)
Though I think I see
The pages, models and queries are stored in separate atoms in the config var
Check out caribou/app/handler.clj
in caribou-frontend
You pass a reloading function into the initial call to generate the caribou handler
(usually in the core.clj of your project)
And that gets called
when the handler needs to be regenerated
No, reset is a function
that does the resetting
That is passed in by the user
Right
I am leaning towards indian
quile?
justin_smith:  You need to call caribou.app.handler/reset-handler
That is not enough
please read handler.clj
That would probably help!
quile:  Food today?
Heading out soon
Cool.  Meeting our friend Annie out there
quile:  How goes over there?
justin_smith:  I don't understand
the problem
How would you tell which keys changed?
And yes, all or nothing is probably better
capturing them where?
It is not clear of what you speak
Truly, varnish can destroy many things
!!!
Apparently so, because that was hilarious
Right, the next step I am plotting is adding references to things people are talking about
Whenever I stop doing ten million other things
That is where I need to compile the list of low frequency words, or even nouns
probably nouns would make it the most relevant
Just because I ran somewhere doesn't mean running in general is relevant
Ah!  I'm out tomorrow
Monday : )
justin_smith:  Just a minute
How was justin_smith not on the caribou team?
http://www.performant.com/
I would rather replace that whole phrase rather than just a singe word
It smacks of vacuous marketing jargon
which I guess it is
Can someone come up with something better?
Or am I just being a bastard here?
No dogdog, not even in zalgo
Better
Our tagline could be in zalgo
justin_smith:  Right, something better
not worse
How about "Migrate across the open web tundra, avoiding blood-sucking bit flies and bit wolves devouring your young"
How about "Grow antlers out of your eyes, destroy the enemy"
It is at least better
justin_smith:  This is true
ralfonso would often complain about this
"build alpine migratory websites with the something you want and some other thing blah blah orb"
"Dedicated awesomeness for your awesome engine of truth"
"Arboreal tachyschism for your hatchling web spawn"
justin_smith:  Use one arg that is a list instead
justin_smith:  Now THAT is a tagline
I mean, no joke
That could work
impale, mighty, and appropriate in one sentence
No idea
grep the src
Is it actually different?
Maybe I could have named it, but metaspace should be reserved for something way cooler than that
Wow… !
How does that happen?
justin_smith:  What kind of load is zookeeper designed for?
Do you have a good reference on this?  Curious about what the issue is
Just network latency?
Right, I see
So, what we need is messaging functionality
So the question is now: is avout the best tool for that?
I would rather receive a message than check values for changes
Let's try it.  I know we could make a middleware that checks the value, but it should work even if people are just using core (which wouldn't be a ring handler)
And without scattering value checks all over the code (and maybe missing some)
Interesting.  So we can have one atom with a map of keys->booleans
It would not always be a model update though
The watch would trigger, but we would need to see what message was passed out of a selection of messages
So each one is a channel of sorts
I like the channel idea, I am not sure about the increment.  It seems inelegant to store a number when all we need is a signal.  That and overflow.  But the idea as a whole is sound
As for the plugin model, I feel like we still need to talk about the design for that before we rush into implementing anything
I don't think we ever landed anywhere as to the best approach for that, as I recall?
Though I am stoked to hear about your idea for it
Cool!  So let's talk about it before you hurl into implementation : )
In other news, I am currently mediating an aggressive and foul-spirited denizen of the clojure community on the schmetterling repo : )
https://github.com/prismofeverything/schmetterling/issues/3
Right, it is a protocol
I just don't see how it fits with schmetterling (for the reasons provided)
I don't think the guy has even used it, or given it any thought as to how they would work together!
Not worried : )
I like how I have spent this whole morning responding to pull requests and github issues, and not coded a single thing
(yogthos issued a pull request for refactoring templating!)
It is cool, and not cool
It looks good
Yeah, he does
I will have to make some modifications
But as a whole it makes sense
He also left in a big-ass println : )
We have postulated about it for so long, and now it is here
justin_smith:  Right, but how would you control it?
Well, I see it is possible, but it would be completely bypassing the rest of the nrepl functionality
Which makes me feel like it is superfluous to nrepl
But they would still have to build a completely new UI for it
At that point, what they really want is an nrepl middleware for cdt
Which I believe exists
"I now have had my foggy crystal ball for quite a long time.  Its predictions are invariably gloomy and usually correct, but I am quite used to that and they won't keep me from giving you a few suggestions, even if it is merely an exercise in futility whose only effect is to make you feel guilty" — E. W. Dijkstra
http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~EWD/ewd10xx/EWD1036.PDF
Dijkstra has failed spectacularly in warning us away from anthropomorphizing programs and computational entities, despite his well-reasoned arguments against it
"The moral of the story is: deal with all the elements of the set by ignoring them and working with the set's definition."
Dijkstra:  My favorite historical curmudgeon
justin_smith:  Yep!  For a moment
what's up?
quile:  How much did you work over the break?
justin_smith:  Yeah!  I actually worked httpkit in there recently, the current caribou-development is currently using it if you > lein run
I would worry about exposing it directly to port 80 without nginx in front of it
Yeah
justin_smith:  nginx rejects a lot of requests that aren't coming in with the right host for instance
All that chatter would have to be handled by the app itself, with conditionals added etc
justin_smith:  I don't think so.  If so that is news to me
Have you used nginx much?
Which uses tomcat, and presumably something else in front of it
I mean on beanstalk
It doesn't need to be mandatory, but it provides a service that raw http servers do not
Apache also does this
http-kit behind nginx could be great though
Yeah we wouldn't really need that anymore
I think the main thing nginx (or apache, but we don't use that) provides us are domain routing, proxying requests to different ports on the backend
It is nice to have something routing requests to different ports, rather than hogging all of port 80
Right!
I haven't used varnish much, does it route requests to different ports based on host?
I'm curious about the comparison with nginx, it is basically the same
has its own config
nginx is blazing fast
Really??  Where are these benchmarks
?
Alright, I have to get out of here
See you tomorrow?
Hmm…….. interesting
So only http-kit so far, but not with fewer threads
Huh, looks good!
Might as well have a provide-hooks as well
I dig it
Yeah, the hooks can just be in a map that can be merged into the larger hooks map
of the same structure
Right
All in all seems right.
We will probably have to add some more methods to the protocol
I wonder where templates and js fit in, for instance
I have been thinking about the db adapters
They really wouldn't cover nosql things in their current state
Currently they just abstract over differences in sql
Right
Basically we take what is in db.clj and turn it into a protocol
Also, query.clj
The execute-query needs to be in a protocol, and not generate an explicit sql statement
Yeah, this will be something to tackle for sure
Yeah, that is the goal
Ha!  Yes, that is the way
So much to do
Well, making the protocol and implementing it are two different things
We can work on it together
Not yet though!  Let's get the plugin thing working with a blog/comment system
Then we can use it on let-caribou.in
THEN we can build the db adapter : )
Oh yeah, I'll add that to the list
Maybe we can implement the whole thing as a monad, somehow
Agreed
Whatever solves our state issue : )
Irony is always the best motivation
org.sonatype.aether.transfer.ArtifactNotFoundException: Could not find artifact org.clojure:algo.monads:jar:0.1.3-SNAPSHOT in clojars
algo.monad
It is at 0.1.4
just found it
https://github.com/clojure/algo.monads
Ah yeah!
I don't know if anyone else has time, but we can meet
I have been hanging out on #caribou ; )
Why is that helpful?
Ah
Well, if you use the mouse that is ; )
Right, okay
seems to take away precious codespace
I want five displays
one just flashing new cat photos every 20ms
I want to live in a glowing bubble that floats in space
Oh wait… I already do
Space is the bubble that floats in space
Oh man, some indian or hawaiian would be awesome today
quile?  You down?
I like how we go through this every time
Sounds cool, have you installed it?
Listening...
Oh man, which js svg lib:  snap.js, svg.js, raphael.js … ?? D
Yeah, thinking about snap, seems straightforward
All the apis look the same : P
justin_smith:  I like the quartet!  Some good tones in there
Some feedback:  I feel like sometimes when you stroke the bow it can sound uncertain
some time spent on getting long consistent tones would pay off I bet
Then you can modulate with control and intention
Ha!  Of course
Well then, that came across
Is there such a thing as intentional uncertainty??
I feel like that is a koan
"Embrace the intentional uncertainty"
Ha!  Yeah
Apology accepted : )
justin_smith:  What did you have in mind?
No that makes sense, I think
would have to see the code
A map of maps:  {:migration.key {:migrate (fn [] …) :rollback (fn [] …)} :next.migration {:migrate …} ...}
Or list of maps
for ordering
That sounds right
Though migrations exist before there are models
(in the pantheon of Caribou creation myth)
So there couldn't be a migration model, because migrations generate the models!
Yeah probably
paredit is the shit
I love it now
can't imagine how I ever lived without it
Ha!  Org-mode consumes all things
Not sure
It sounds like you are doing two things at once
Are you building plugins, or making the persistence adapter?
Choose one, we'll deal with the other one later
This is true
We have been talking about too many things today : )
Or not enough
justin_smith:  Once polaris is integrated yes
I want to do that as well
Somehow that didn't happen before release
As if by mysterious force
(I didn't get around to it)
I will do it, no branch
Yeah, suxors
Ha!  That task is never done, but that is the idea
Lunch dance?  Shall we engage the lunch parameter?
LUNCH
What is that?
Ahhh, I see
that is cool
Elisp the mighty
Right, it is the javascript of lisp
but you can make your editor do anything
quile:  Yeah, I am responding to him
Me too, seems like a good guy
I don't think caribou.io solves his problem
He probably needs to write a custom import migration
justin_smith:  What feature?
Ah right
I mean, it can be done, but yeah
quile:  That would help
I mean no import solution can cover every case, but the more data we import, the closer we can get to a general import solution
Like this guy:  images with XML associated
justin_smith:  Yes, I added that in the last couple months sometime
Yeah, you can just send in the path as a value to model/create for an image field
Actually you can send in a number of things, I made a multimethod for it
quile:  I think so!
Yeah, it made sense somehow, since we were switching on the type
I think they took the coffee metaphor too far there
Or not far enough with everything else, one or the other
That really should exist
Lunch anyone??
justin_smith:  Have a second for stupid blender question?
Wow, in my spare time I screwed with some board games and read about cells
I love you guys
Wow man, that is pretty awesome
If I could make one change it would be to have the plugins accept a map as their configuration options in boot.clj
That way you know what is being configured
random "true"'s in arg lists remind me of C : )
justin_smith:  Right, but we could make a convention where they all take a single arg which is a mpa
*map
Then it would be descriptive
and compossible
Like, I want to know what that nil is nil'ing
And what that 1 means
Looks really cool though
I think this is the future
Yeah, but it could be a convention
just makes things clearer
more clear
Right
Magic!  : )
The macro is cool, but it is not so bad to be explicit
For some reason I distrust all that stuff
Really awesome man, let's plugin everything
Right
welcome back
Congrats!  Making the internet a better place
Radical
quile:  How is that possible?
quile:  But we have merged in master… ?
So commits you have made in develop don't show up as contributions in master when we merge them???
Weird
quile:  Yeah, still weird since all of your commits are in master, but I guess you have never pushed directly to master… ?
That seems broken
Yeah, git hub should look at commits, not pushes to github
I'll take a look at the default branch thing
: (
Hello #instrument!
Yeeeahhh!!
Ouch
quile!  How are you man?
getting on top of this nike project?
Alright
Right!  wow.  Deadly frozen clouds
Hark!  I believe this gentleman speaks the truth!
It has been some time since I have partook of the great Robotic Taco
quile:  You down?
justin_smith:  That is mad
just finishing up some things on the weareinstrument site, probably 5 minutes
check out legacy emmanuel
Yeah man, get that checked out
I thought we were on cigna??
I have no idea how this stuff works
Got it
Currently uploading 8 gigabytes of image data to s3
justin_smith:  This should be your slogan
Revealing holes in your unicode support since epoch
quile:  !!!
Is there something we need to do to generate the js again?
Maybe a grunt task or something?
No, this is the upgraded one!
quile;  I just upgraded it today
What is the error?
???
That makes no sense
Does it work locally?
Pfffffffff
Dude, that is a bad plugin
quile:  Sure
No worries, let me know
Wacky
Well, he seems cool
In that he is using Caribou successfully at least ; )
Everyone has their flaws
quile:  That opera error is happening locally as well
So something changed : P
In the admin
jquery timepicker error
GooD morning
quile:  $.browser has been removed in jquery 1.9
That is the issue
Can we just use 1.8, or are there features we need in 1.9?
Looks like we are using 1.10
Or maybe just upgrade that timepicker plugin
Yeah, doing it now!
jquery removes a feature, thousands of plugins break
ha
Latest timepicker errors out with: Uncaught TypeError: Object [object Object] has no method 'timePicker' D
: (
Alright, got it
That was annoying
Hmm… did I offend that guy?
Uh-oh
He is booting
Apparently it takes awhile to parse all of our files now
justin_smith:  The idea of a metric is that they can be compared to each other
but maybe that is your point
justin_smith:  Dancing is one of the greatest things a human can do
I made a triangular chessboard layout engine over the weekend:  https://github.com/prismofeverything/triangulat
Alright, time to merge all these pull requests
justin_smith:  Which of yours are ready to go?
Yeah, only put the ones you want merged up there
justin_smith:  Which one?
I was going to test his out not
*now
Yeah, that one was suspicious
Aha!
Ah, you should be fine.   I will work on improving the algorithm…. at some point
Ouch
justin_smith:  Authoritative is defined by who gives it authority
Do-ge
http://i.imgur.com/R1MnHEc.gif
justin_smith:  I have not
Wow, that is kind of awesome
justin_smith:  This is correct
Not yet
quile?
I am up for indian or hawaiian
Or robo even
It is done
I can drive
Ready to go?
That sounds plausible
justin_smith:  What are you seeing?
Ah
You are correct
I have some version pushes
to make
Not sure
I think you can just pass in the port actually
lein run 38383
Yeah, that should work
Me too!
justin_smith:  Meeting Robby at robotaco a little later
quile:  Robo?
justin_smith:  Alright, I'll let you know
Whoa!
That site is down
30hz is rough
Otherwise, awesome
I just mean 30hz in noticeable
Dude!  go for it
Dude, I don't know how you could make them any tinier
Even the walls
world
in
Demon
Daedalus
Anybody have a good title for a caribou talk?
Lunch
Caribou:  Lunch
Yes, about lunch… !
quile:  You down for lunch today?
Indian buffet?
Yeah!
I'll see
We went there
It was okay
Yeah the day you were absent?
quile:  No car today, can you drive?
We can go to UPS
Ah okay!  Let me see if I can wrangle
No, I acquired car!
everything is in order
Ready to go then?
Let's get there before they run out of food ; )
Ah okay
Okay
Here is the link:  http://geekz.co.uk/lovesraymond/archives
seems to be down : (
Awesome!
https://web.archive.org/web/20120122172242/http://geekz.co.uk/lovesraymond/archive/slashdotted
That's where they start
quile:  Do you have a second to check out this admin js issue?
Timepicker
I did
Now J5 is seeing the issue again
http://weareinstrument.com:81/_admin/admin/global/content/models/project/71/edit
That is what I thought
but I'm not sure how
I asked him to come on here
There he is
Welcome!
So before, it had an error on trying to detect opera
so it can't be using the old version of the lib
JToTheFive:  Your fields.js differs from what I see in the caribou-admin develop branch
Specifically, on weareinstrument.com:81 it has timePIcker, and in our branch in says timepicker (lowercase p)
Which is a change I made to get it working
Somehow that file has reverted?
But it is correct in the repo
Yeah, so how is fields.js different from the repo?
Yeah
Yeah, if not, I don't know how else it would change!
black magic
OR:  don't shadow that file if you aren't changing it?
Or do you have changes there?
Is that a fix that needs to go in the mainline admin repo?
Looks like a check for nil
What breaks if that isn't checked?
dammit nil!  Why do you break everything!
We should generally disallow nil
and solve every programming bug ever in the history of mankind
Alright!  problem solved
Truly
(much rejoicing)
Ah, ride is leaving
I'll finish this tonight
I love tearing things apart
LOVE IT
Aha!
Radical
Am I linked in to you?
That guy was a weirdo
who never spoke
Yeah!  The true brauhaus experience
That is a good call though, I should find those randoms
justin_smith:  There is a nice symmetry there
Every time "total eclipse of the heart" comes on the speakers I actually see feces burbling out of the speaker grates
I just linked in every person I know
True
But the phenomenon persists
It is not me, it's the speakers!
The speakers do not lie
Hawaiian I believe?
Ha!  congratulations
I just finished (and started) lathe of heaven this weekend
Have you read that one?
Maybe I mentioned it already
So would you recommend 1Q84?
It is a hilarious book
Yeah, visions of future from the past
justin_smith:  I can't see that event
it says I must be logged in
Do you have another link?
Ah, awesome!
Somehow I have all kinds of things going on this sunday
I may be able to make it later though
Yeah send an invite
thanks
That is a good one
justin_smith quile:  food soon?
Today I learned my head is a sphere
FOOD
Yep, peace out guys
off to keep butterflies, my true calling
Ah, how was the late now?
Did it exceed your expectations?
There we go
quile:  Did you figure out that date thing on the new admin?
Watching this wackiness btw… WTF?
How did it take me this long to discover monty python?
IPIP D
I don't blame him
What are HEAD routes for?
(exposing my ignorance)
that stuff can be Dangerous
That is not what it is on my machine
Yeah
Maybe an example for each OS
Mayhap
That is quite a stark vision
Wow
link?
Okay, it is done
All new versions pushed
Routing and handlers completely overhauled, gutted and simplified
justin_smith:  Well, I really feel like cljs offers everything we are looking for
But yeah
we really limit who can contribute
in a way
I feel like the project should probably use it, even if just conceptually for the clojure community
but if we want help from people around here, it should be js
So, undecided?
neildf1:  That book does look pretty cool
justin_smith:  In the long run, the core.async stuff will really help us
it would be a good way to structure everything
rather than the spaghetti javascript turns into
quile: Ha!  Not your javascript of course : )
quile:  How do you feel about cljs vs js in the admin?
quile:  I feel like the admin has a lot of good stuff in it
Is there a way to reuse the code, or would it benefit from taking lessons learned and doing it better from scratch?
Okay, you answered my question as I was typing it!
quile justin_smith:  Indian food today?
Aha!  How about that
its been awhile
Did yesterday deter you from going out for lunch now?  : )
https://www.simonsfoundation.org/quanta/20140122-a-new-physics-theory-of-life/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=20140122-a-new-physics-theory-of-life
TOMORROW
TREE LIB
Dude
Oh hey!!
IT WORKED
Alright, I will give him some love today
justin_smith:  I don't think so
Right!
I always knew that
Or felt it rather
There are a lot of good moons of Jupiter
justin_smith:  Lunch?
Thai?
Interesting
Do I want 32-bit ghc or 64-bit ghc
?
How could we miss the opportunity for double xx's?
quile justin_smith:  You guys want to meet about resource?
handling?
Now for nineteen tone harmony!
"crowd-pleaser" D
Awesome, I will check it out
justin_smith:  Track is awesome!
I like its slow morph into sea of wailing
Ah, did you post the JS?
I just got in the channel
Well, it is not a number!
Lovely
STARS
Lunch today?
Indian, Thai… ?
BURN
Welcome back D
LUNCH
quile?
Ah okay
Awesome
That is… disturbing
What group hangout??
Ah, can you take it on?
Just you and me now budDy
sacred null chocolate
Looking for a band name
OBOR
DOGDOG
You are back budDy
That is pretty awesome really
So much amazing thought in that book
dogdog finally said the three word poem "three word poem"!
Uhhhhhhh…. D?
welcome back
Okay!
back
D!
Man, didn't even last two quotes
???  Whoa!
Are we caught in a time loop?
What the hell is a pergola?
is it a plant?
We need more nature checks around here
PERGOLA
It is a historic day for pergola
I think Coryna did it
Not sure though
quile:  I just heard someone say it was cool time
I heard them
What is that?
Hey justin_smith!
how goes?
Happy birthday!
Yeah, stuff is dripping everywhere
Nice!  it is a sign
Still on for tonight?
roads are still icy, but it could thaw out enough to drive around before tonight
Borbetomagus… I'll have to check it out
Acoustic instruments?
Or free jazz with electronics?
Aha, radical
Ah right, I think you have mentioned this
gnarly
Can you be hendrix of sax by wanting it?
Crazy, that must be painful to play
metallic reed
to be more of an analogy it should just be the reed and no resonating body
though I guess you would still need the fingerings etc
not sure how to actually apply that directly, interesting idea though
Right, the reed vibrates though, it just drives the column of air
you can play just the mouthpiece, but you would still have to modulate the length of the column
maybe something like a trombone or slide whistle body
The string is so much more amenable to stimulating an electrical signal
without making a bunch of noise itself
Well, I will try to make it out man
I like the idea of the world melting
reminds me of lathe of heaven
ordering order ordering
A specific kind of order
: )
That is an achievement
I was doing some pretty dumb stuff before in retrospect
I was creating the entire tree of all possible statements and their respective probabilities, and THEN taking a path through it
Now it is doing a simple backtrack if it runs into a dead end
Much simpler (the code is shorter too)
Ah, me too!
winter stasis took over everything
Headed to indian soon, so… indian?
quile, indian?
justin_smith:  could tesselax use quad-trees to deal with the space comparison problem?
Every space needs to be compared to every other space to see if it is entirely contained by the other
Yes
Right now every space is being compared to every other space
Well, maybe not even quad tree
but something
Yeah, something that on insert checks the other spaces maybe (since we have to insert it anyway)
I am imagining some kind of tree
The tree was enormous
It has succeeded
Yeah I spent some time with the algorithm design manual this weekend:
http://www.amazon.com/Algorithm-Design-Manual-Steven-Skiena/dp/1848000693/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1392154464&sr=8-3&keywords=algorithm+design
Great book
I need to read the whole thing
but it is good to have an application for those things
That is about right
justin_smith:  Why uberjar?  I have only built uberwars
core has a main
quile is probably right
Yeah, but is the fish choosing where to go?
Or is it just swimming around as it normally would, triggering the motor?
I'm just saying, is the fish trying to get somewhere?  Is it finding food or mates?  Does it realize that there is a world outside the fishtank?
Yeah, that is what I'm talking about
I am the first proponent of animal intelligence, I am just saying, for this to be real the fish has to DO something by moving, otherwise it is just a side effect of the fish swimming around
Yeah, something like that
Right
which they probably can, if they get sensory feedback
What is the aquarium paradox?
What are you working on?
Cool
Would it help if I told you it reads the config and transforms it into a tree of function pointers pointing to the various things that get run?
Yeah, nginx literally constructs a program through building a data structure containing function pointers
cooler than compiling
No, "cooler"
As in "cool time"
Interesting
Drama can exist anywhere!
Wow, he is really calling the guy out
http://liorpachter.wordpress.com/2014/02/10/the-network-nonsense-of-albert-laszlo-barabasi/
☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃ ☃
quile:  Do we still have that problem with fs and lighttable?
Curious
which version is the bad one?  We do have a dep for it in core
1.4.5
Cool thanks
Amazing how often EDN and s3 come up dogdog
justin_smith:  That sounds good
Leave soon?
Beat the rush D
Man, this cljs just doesn't update anymore
WTF?
No, I make a change, it says it compiles, change does not occur
Hmm… this says crossovers are deprecated:  https://github.com/emezeske/lein-cljsbuild
Is it?
have you used it?
Trying to figure it out right now
It is madness, another thing to run
Setting it up anyway
welcome back D
That is pretty good stuff
Yeah, make it an Instrument repo
quile:  That is amazing
Not {{host}}?
I'm pretty sure I've used it before
Huh, weird
are you sure you are passing the entire request into render?
and not just some random map?
Try that
could be in the headers too
Ah, weird
I sware I've used it
The eternal snowman function?
I had a lot of code dreams last night
Yesterday I took a nap and dreamed about the nature of time
I was in a room with a lot of crayons and I was drawing a diagram of time that turned out to be a paradox
which revealed some things about the nature of time to me
I said in the dream "Time does not exist… it is just what matter does"
Then I woke up
I still don't know how matter does things, but one step closer I suppose
I like your texture approach to photography
You and my brother have a similar approach:  http://www.flickr.com/photos/noniphon/with/3239985648/
Yeah, that guy is a monster
Where's chuck moore?  rich hickey?  : D
This document is incomplete
We are really just elaborate lemurs
Agreed
It's like an imax, but omni
Find a date, I will be there
My brain is already fully chemically assisted
Huh, never used M-x calendar, though I am unsurprised it exists
It is true, but first you have to enumerate {x}
Right, I'm just saying to use this knowledge you have to have some way to enumerate x
Your statement is logically sound
Ah, so that is the explanation
Called out by a bot
quile:  Agreed
you mentioned an approach for this before, what was it?
Were you thinking the low frequency words approach?
Right, if we hooked him into reddit he would be immediately relevant
I downloaded one of those once
Is that what redditors are talking about?  Now I am unsure of this approach!
But I guess it is not our place to deny the great hivemind
Interesting, I'll check out the reddit and wikipedia search api
http://www.reddit.com/search.json?q=yellow D
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1htf29/i_was_an_animator_for_the_yellow_submarine_movie.json
Just take the url of the post and add .json at the end
All comments
Yeah, this wouldn't be too hard
just make a markov tree for every search term from the results of reddit threads… could be mayhem
That could be troubling
depending on how it is triggered
Yeah, once again, apprehensive
No, worth a shot at least!
Riiiiiiight, maybe select some subreddits
Hey, you guys ever eat food?  Have you heard of it?
It is really cool, it has taste and perpetuates your metabolic activities
quile:  How long do you think it will be? : D
Uh-oh
I will try to hold out
Sure
If language were more like legos
Well, I guess it is already a bit like legos
That is gratifying (I think)
I did it for random guy on the internet approval
Sweet!
let's eat : D
justin_smith:  Definitely
It has come up before
Yeah, somewhere in field/link.clj
join-table-name or something
sorting is critical
Ah, it is a boolean that determines whether the association is a map or a vector
As in how the associated data comes back
and is interacted with
So you may remember, in order to do siphons I had to make associations work as maps as well as just vectors
Yes
Well, you want :map to be whatever it was in the collection
because a collection can be a map as well
to preserve the type of the association
Well, you have a 1 in 3 chance
I'm not sure we have a large enough sample for general statistical conclusions
If there are an equal number of D O G in there they should come up a proportional number of times
Ha!  I have never changed the font
Right D
You should not have to
No sir
are you going to become a bitcoin speculator?
Seems like people would be doing this
Might want to look into it before you commit : )
Maybe it is a once in a lifetime opportunity!
quile:  Congrats!
That thing is a monster
Right, reduction to an already solved problem!
Let's heal the python wounds with hawaiian today : )
You can regale us with the tale of shittiness
hacker's last commit:  https://github.com/jimweirich/wyriki/commit/d28fac7f18aeacb00d8ad3460a0a5a901617c2d4
quile, justin_smith:  You guys want to get some food?
Let's eat
#
http://techcrunch.com/2014/02/20/simple-acquired-for-117m-will-continue-to-operate-separately-under-its-own-brand/
Well, there goes the neighborhood
Ah, no I love Penderecki
I have many of his albums
I saw a choir sing a Penderecki piece last year, amazing in person!
That is the one
Hey quile, do you have a second to look at a really weird js bug?
Oh man, want to get some indian food today?
quile:  Food?
cisco:  Have you played any other instruments?
violin is pretty difficult and takes quite a while to master the intonation (no reason not to try!)
cisco:  Do you already have a violin?
You will definitely need a teacher to guide you in the basics
There is a lot to coordinate: the stroke of the bow, the precise location of the fingers, the position of the instrument, your posture and wrist angle etc
violin is the easiest instrument to sound terrible at ; )
cisco:  Do you live somewhere you could find a good teacher?
Are you willing to practice often?
If you can find a way to enjoy getting in the habit of practicing, even while it does not sound amazing yet, then you can learn to play
many abandon the endeavor quickly once they realize what a commitment it is
but it is certainly worth it
I play a little, not enough to be good : )
cisco:  That is a good start!
cisco:  Shh… he Doesn't know
three!
cisco:  He learns everything you say, you just haven't said much yet
cisco:  No, I've just played music my whole life
never wanted to try to make money off the thing I love most
Welcome back D
quile:  How was rachmaninoff?
Yeah, I'm bummed I missed it
Ah, really??
Maybe I will make it then
I am going to Shostakovich on Saturday
his 4th symphony
Yeah, this was the one he wrote in the 30's that got pulled
wasn't performed until the 60's I think
Apparently it did not align with the party aesthetic
Yeah
which is crazy!
Are they any good?
I haven't seen them I don't think
Awesome
: (
I endeavor every day not to cross the streams
RIP
Egon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egon_Spengler
Aha!
madness
Since everyone who has cognitive biases is alive, cognitive biases are essential for survival
justin_smith:  I did not
Thanks for the reminder!
Ah, where did you guys go?
had to run errands
Nice
Good question
He was talking about a G+ site…
google groups is so slow and broken
I wouldn't mind a G+ thing
Seems slightly excessive.. but maybe not?
I don't really know, I don't know anything about running a community!  : (
justin_smith:  Not sure!
let me check
netnetnet?
Yeah, I never pushed it
https://github.com/prismofeverything/netnetnet
There you go
three word poems can have three nouns
(If I recall the spec correctly)
lein cljx auto
Okay, I was having a rough day yesterday, but I am now open to discussing a caribou community site : )
Is G+ the way to go?
Yeah, but google groups is terrible slow
I guess it is standard, but that is because there is nothing better?
I am willing to try the g+ thing
Yeah!
I forgot all about myspace.  All problems solved
You guys down for lunch today?
quile:  You down for lunch today?
FUCK YEAH
cool time
Ah!  not yet
Yeah, I will check it out
Are you saying I am an egomaniac??
justin_smith:  Yeah, that is crazy
He is a madman
I think there is a lot of stuff, good and bad about the guy
That part, not cool
mathematical knowledge should belong to everyone
But he is not the only one to hoard discoveries in a private company
It is pretty much standard practice in the tech industry
which could arguably be considered mathematical discoveries in nature
Not to justify it, but it is not uncommon or particular to him
The thing is they risk getting scooped!
Yeah, and risk thinking they have a proof that is actually bogus
That is why peer review is good
But with software if it works, it works
even if it is not for the reason you think
This chatroom is very tiny
Yeah that is the classic wolfram story
Yeah!
let's do it
Watching this wolfram video now, this is pretty amazing
And LOL something or whatever
Still though, rather than phrases pasted over the same semantics, I want a language that is in some way semantically inspired by these people
Right
It is a superficial change
The language design itself is the medium of expression
But that would be more work
I am demanding of toy language designers
That's what I'm talking about
Make it look like a smart version of a screensaver
DUDE
Right, it is disordered, yet hyperuniform
My hand is made of quantum particles
I can reach through air
I beat you to that one justin_smith
By moments
Ha!
it is hard to add a new one these days
Ha!
Well, there goes that theory
Awesome
It is true, actually seeing computation is awesome
Have any of you fine gentlemen considered the possibility of lunch today?
It is this new concept I have been only recently privy to
Alright!
It's on
Let's do om today
we can get back to tesselax
You guys want to get some food today?
I'm driving
justin_smith: literal translation "The Ideology of the Rainbows"
quile:  Everywhere
Actually, I want to hit up that Thai place
even though you guys went on Monday
Otherwise:  Maybe lardo?
We have vehicle
Thai then?
Also:  https://plus.google.com/communities/103169158644680859732?hl=en
I overcame my annoyance with existence
Right now I am the only member
Sweet!  two members
Lazy
Let's eat!
Dude
justin_smith:  Right, it should not be too much different
Yeah… we can check
Spent a whole workday tracking down and fixing this problem: https://www.refheap.com/49113
in an uberjar, (wrap-resource … ) thinks request with {:uri "/"} are empty resources!
and never falls down to the app
No, only happens in an uberjar!
bug in wrap-resource
That is the fix!
That is beautiful
Wow
seems interesting??
Aha!  No he has not
Pure probability at work
quile:  Question about resources!
Come on by when you get a second
Cool, thanks man!
Right, that is when the concatenation/minification needs to happen
Hmm...
so is there any facility doing the concat/min right now?
What would we use for that?
Awesome
It is trying to climb the water branch
Anyone able to make sense of this one?     https://github.com/caribou/caribou-core/issues/21
How to even begin finding a dep lein claims isn't there?
Right
but apparently it is pulling in 1.1.2 somewhere
I can't find it
maybe it is another AOT compilation issue?
Some dep has 1.1.2 AOT compiled into it somewhere?
That is what I'm wondering
How the hell do you find such a thing?
Mass unzip all jars… look for 1.1.2?
Is it still NSFW if it is satire?
heroku:  so close to conquering this beast!
That is doubtful
the trig functions are accurate
<3 you too eeffff
Also:  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/nominalism-mathematics/
http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/platonism-mathematics/
http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/fictionalism-mathematics/
A subtle issue!
fictionalism is pretty interesting too
From the article:  "Thus, the idea is that sentences like ‘3 is prime’ are false, or untrue, for the same reason that, say, ‘The tooth fairy is generous’ is false or untrue—because just as there is no such person as the tooth fairy, so too there is no such thing as the number 3."
Not sure!  It seems they don't believe in anything that you can't touch
Like "justice"
Right
The question is:  do abstract concepts "exist"?
Hehehe
Based on that, I'm not sure anything exists
justin_smith is a pretty abstract concept
Right dogdog, sZorry
quile:  That's the one!
It is radical
Where do you guys want to lunch today?
I am down
Down
slit penis???
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
(oooooooooooooooo............)
Well, it is the wll ending jammed up against the lla beginning
So it totally makes sense
My sardonic tone is not conveying across the gulf of freenode
^^^*|…|*^^^
That is a spider
To convey spider emotion
justin_smith:  Hopefully goat simulator is the future of video games
justin_smith:  Where was that emacs changelog we were using as reference again?
I seem to have lost it
Thank you!
Yeah but two are hidden behind it
It's super accurate, but they are legs
What is mmm?
Ah awesome
Ha!  You mean it starts 9 AM every day?
I like how most of existence is empty space
Just a couple islands of relationships really
That organ is rad by the way
Sounds way more 8-bit than I thought it would
Yeah, the other examples are astounding
justin_smith:  You are correct
I had a dumbass middleware
It is now slightly less dumbass than before
Hahahahahaha
Now THAT is some transtonal transtonal falafel
It is tasty
rapture uvula moss:  Subtle but powerful
Sanity check:  can someone try to provision a new caribou instance and see if it works?
Yeah D!
quile:  Awesome
Yeah it seems to be working
No responses on the announcement!
Possibly I used the wrong words...
Yep
Not even a flame, must be losing my touch
 That is madness
http://existentialcomics.com/comic/18
There are only 18 of them
amuxing
tropical omniscient supernova is pretty rad
Door
Goodnight quile
I still have yet to pick up the other jesse ball book
Yummy!  D
Oh yeah?  What kind?
Lovely
Sounds awesome
I love indian food
Not everyone
Feigner and Phong both hate indian food (to name two off the top of my head)
for some incomprehensible reason
One cycle:  http://imgur.com/owzMkQF
That sounds awesome
Probably the guilt is too great
Well, at least you didn't do worse!
quile:  boo!
We actually have more time now
Time was literally created and spliced into the history of the cosmos
It is a miracle, really
Well, there is that
then there is also the miraculous creation of time which cannot be explained by rational discourse
which happened Sunday at 2:00 am
How is the first day at home quile?
Enjoying the sunshine?
If I worked from home today I would be outside
It is like being born on February 30th
Yeah but when your birthday does come around you get to have 4x the party
Ha!
The great thing about having a commonly rejected name/birthday is that it is super annoying
to be rejected for no reason
Possibly the smug satisfaction of other people's errors makes up for it
Someday I will learn this arcane power
After studying 20 years barefoot in a monastery
Oh hey!  http://elephantlaboratories.com/
All feedback welcome
I have business cards coming as well
Nothing like handing a three-eyed mutant elephant to someone as your professional identity
Yeah man!  I can do Thursday night
Or tuesday night before 8:00
Heading to Tacoma this weekend
bringing up a board, a deck and some pieces for my brother
and I think we are going to do a demo/play test at his local game store
I am all in
Obsessed!
Also:  learning indesign right now to lay out the rulebook
soon I will know all things
Alright, heading out
let's lunch man!
: (            D
Ah, so not all fields are getting the editor, just a text field?
Ah good
It is also a length thing
behind the scenes it is varchar(255)
Also, lunch
Tarad?
Let's go!
make a backup!
Wow
??
I didn't realize it went away
Should still be there somewhere
justin_smith:  Want to get lunch soon?
I was thinking foodcarts, nice walk
Igon value
Full on madhouse slaugtherball
quile!  You were missed at lunch today
We were outside for a long period of time
I was outside
Do you get to code in your garden now?
Kind of jealous
Ha!  svn or cvs?
That is my usual metric
Really?  I have used git-svn with some success
The rare times I have had to interact
Yeah, as long as you don't do crazy stuff it is pretty smooth
I do most of my work in git and then just push and pull to the svn endpoint whenever I have to
Well, when I had to do that
The crazy central server model seems so heavy in retrospect
But we are living in blessed times
D!
Well, it was like 20 lines
So yes, yes it will
Yeah that might be the most disgusting three word poem yet
I like the pee yellow
It is good!
nice find
Yeah, but you still decide what to do with it
the technique is a tool, the choices are the music
Right, sure
words mean things, I always forget
That is why photography is the most dangerous activity in the world
Aha!
How about that
Initception! D
on the 25th?
I think colleen is
It is that event we talked about in that meeting
Yeah there was this guy and he was talking about a thing
batman!  D
No u D
Arizona man, it is like you hate humanity
HOW COULD YOU SPEAK NEGATIVELY ABOUT ARIZONA
quile:  How goes??
Yeah, have you made it through the mental transition yet?
Nothing much, I just got over the plague
Neil gave it to me
I'll never forgive him
Neil is the Plaguebearer
The ebola monkey
http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/17172/1479292-nurgle.jpg
That is the best image I could find for plaguebearer
Anyhow, coming out the other side of that monstrosity
(I love you poocafe!)
Gamestorm is tomorrow, brother is in town
So I am not working much lately I guess
How is your situation?
Awesome
Yeah, the orientation phase is always a trip
Perl mostly?  Or java?
Ha!  Yeah old organization?  I can't imagine they would start doing things differently : )
Still on the lookout for office space?
Have any cool coworkers?  Didn't you already know these guys?
Ah!  Well I have been sick
He persists for awhile now
I used to go back and find him stopped on blown heaps
Now he is just quietly waiting for input, but missed a ping at some point
That is the next step
quile:  I think you may generally say shorter things? D
Yes, let this be a lesson to everyone.  Leave your broadsword at home
Pretty much!
Yes, lunch
Yeah my last week was decimated
Those are beautiful examples of bad design.  I feel like there is an art to making something perfectly unusable
: (
Who is they?
What kind of security issues?
Right, what issues does it have right now?
Ah, you can't prove security holes don't exist
Right
I think it would depend on what helpers you provide
Sounds awesome
Those are ridiculous
"Girl, you must be an inaction because you are lack or absence of action."
What the hell is that?
Dude
Aha
welcome back D
justin_smith:  Not sure, I remember screwing around with the content types at some point… maybe throw some diagnostics in the handler chain and see what the content type is at different stages?
justin_smith:  Yeah!
Hungry...
quile:  Looks like dinner to me
Direct sea nourishment
Oooohhhh…. burn! D
poocafe:  Maybe you are finally out from under the phantom of your own past errors
Thanks!  good to be back D
justin_smith:  That could be, I don't really remember how the content type stuff was working, though I suspect it may be tortured and could use some clarity and simplification
Yeah seems like an active assassination on the part of google
Starting to dislike google more and more
Although, searching "google rss" yields a bunch of hits D
Looks like you need an extension, it doesn't come by default
I like them both!
The noise stuff is really rich.  The viola is working great as a signal input, it really opens up the range of possibilities compared to other noise stuff I've heard
Yeah, it sounds so much more organic than the stuff I have heard that is strictly electronically generated
Ah, I can see that
The contrast is key
That is pretty fucking crazy
Sound is good yeah
Who is that?
Better than standing there and staring at your phone
So many poocafes!
It reads as you are duplicating yourself over and over, like wandering through a hall of mirrors
"Where is poocafe?  Over there!  No over there!"
poocafe is everywhere
poocafe is behind you.  poocafe is in your mind
In a real way, everything is made of poop
pugnacious is like delicious but with pugs
Wow
just a second
Ah!  Because he is registered to me, he gets ops
He is my alias
wow, that could wreak havoc
This could be a problem
oh boy D
Well, we have put our lives in the hands of a deranged bot
Ha!
Good repo that one
Been awhile since I've spun it up
Yeah, that guy can suck it D
Yeah!  He finally went away!
A loss to us all
Apparently he is aggravating #haskell users now
Yeah!
Speaking of, I really want to work on this graph language idea in Parsec
Lisp --> lists :: ??? --> graphs      D
justin_smith:  How Do I get snowmen characters to show up in emacs again?
☃
Right, but I can't see it!
unifont... D
Have a good one quile
!
Understood
Good luck with the preparations!
justin_smith:  How would I accomplish that?
I sware I have done this before
Also, I must also get out of here
justin_smith:  Good luck with the deadline!  Glad you are keeping the caribou spirit alive : )
Who am I?
D O G D O G
justin_smith:  How goes?
Did you meet your deadline?
Orb Dog
justin_smith:  How goes? !!
Ah, so not a simple process?
I have finally had that show for the Shostakovich sonata I started working on six months ago
That was a crazy ride
Now have bandwidth for other music!
No worries
I seem to miss your shows somehow as well
Want to jam with Gutt soon?
Do you have any bandwidth now?
Have you been totally swamped with work?  Had any time to do anything else?
Understood
Yeah, bummer about deadlines
deadlines in general
Also, terrible name for a thing that is rarely met
Truly beautiful
I have been seeing some pretty awesome examples of bad programming at the new gig
It is impressive sometimes
how terrible things can be
Yeah, random snapshot of the current state of a codebase
Well, two codebases
One is well designed and engineered from the beginning... the other is an accretionary heap that has accumulated over two years
I think that could be abused
I like how every result implies a personality
I can kind of get a sense of each character, just from their list of stats
Always disliked the ->> for some reason though
Right, ->> just seems like an abomination
But maybe I just need to embrace it into my heart
Did you ever finish your deadline?  : )
How many versions is it?
*versions ago D
Yeah that is a jump
I want to meet the bear who wrote this
So, does that mean you can jam soon?  : )
I look forward to having a moment to read all of this
justin_smith:  No you did not!
That is pretty cool
takes a while to load, but if it gives all of csound that is huge
Ha!  Well... at least it would for browser based stuff
overtone doesn't even pretend to work in the browser
Are you anti-supercollider nowadays?
quile:  You can edit his logs if you want to remove certain keywords ; )
How goes around here?
glad to see you guys are holding it down
Been totally swamped with work stuff lately, but seeing the light at the end of the tunnel now : )
quile:  How long have you been back?
Yeah I bet that is an adjustment
So how was the trip???
Awesome, yeah good to be back in the homeland?
I miss that place
Ha!  Look at that
Looks to be about exactly what schmetterling is?
You can inspect locals at least
Maybe not repls, but at least viewing state
I'll have to check out what he is using, probably JDI under the hood
It looks more enterprise than schmetterling : )
Maybe!  I've been doing a bunch of clojure again
was out of the loop for awhile now
Yeah!  good to be back
We have this clojure app at work that shit the bed, I got to rewrite it totally
Now I am looking to expand its functionality
to eventually encompass all things
quile:  You back into full on work mode?
: )  Yeah let's figure that out!
justin_smith:  Aha, yeah not as cool!
Well, I think they may actually try and get rich, whereas we have too many scruples
I bet if we sat down and were like "What aspect of human nature can we exploit for profit?" we could figure something out pretty quick ; )
Here, pick one:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases
Actually, let's just open a casino
That is the simplest bias to exploit apparently
Classic feedback loop
Actually, looking through that list, casinos are exploiting at least 10 of those biases.  No wonder they are so insidious
quile:  Do it!  would probably take just a little analysis of the previous statement
Weren't we going to do something with low frequency words?
I think we have talked about this many times  : )
I remember certain walks to lunch....
justin_smith:  Seriously!  Looking forward to hearing it
Yeah, the acoustics can really dig in
the electric is still cool, way smooth
but a different thing I agree
"every setback is also an opportunity" - someone in history
I was really enjoying all the stuff you were doing on Tuesday.  I need to up my game to keep up
I have been so crazy busy nonstopallthetime
WTF??
As a matter of fact yes!  I established that early on
Yeah, glad to be just working on a product
Well, I guess that's what I was doing at Instrument also : )
Don't we all
quile:  clojurescript-on-node??  (just saw this)
The internet is just an elaborate name for... humanity
He is going to nuke the channel someday
Speaking of post soviet allegories, just got done reading "Roadside Picnic"
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roadside_Picnic
It was pretty amazing
Yeah, suddenly one of the best books I have ever read
highly recommended
Whoa!
I've heard that guy's music before
pretty awesome
What time?
What is that for??  I mean, I think I know
Wow, awesome
Those are going to be some serious headphones
So you can just plug it?  Do you have to solder it or something?
Got it
(meeting)
justin_smith:  Under the Skin... no not yet!
is it any good?
quile:  What are the issues right now?
justin_smith:  Audio microscope
quile:  Lovely
Ah right, I have used cljx
Right, cljx is just the java/js independent parts of clojure
kind of a bummer you have to have directives in the code for the two environments, but I'm not sure how else you would do it
Wait, how is dependency injection a problem with node?
Ha, echoes from the past
Ah, I see
Ha!
Yeah gnarly
Holy crap, monday
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Not sure about monday
Aha, wow
I haven't checked out the transducers yet
That is badass
So you trigger it through currying basically?
Aha, so just for those functions
I like it
That is pretty sweet
FUCK
Not pleased about this really
It is cruel, for sure
Love that guy
A true modern day hero
Have you guys ever used neo4j?
Suddenly totally into this idea
Suddenly I want to use it for everything
I love this page:  http://docs.neo4j.org/chunked/milestone/tutorial-comparing-models.html
(emacs apparently quits unexpectedly sometimes)
Basically they are saying "We can implement any DB paradigm in our paradigm"
quile:  Haven't actually started running it yet
But yeah, I'll be using it from clojure
The clojure neo4j lib has a most unfortunate name
http://www.neo4j.org/develop/clojure
Who did that?
Stoked about it though, diving into cypher now
brb lunch
Yeah that is unfortunate
Also the fact that it is an onomatopoeia amplifies the effect
scared to click
(ponders how justin_smith could have found an image of salty flatulence D)
quile:  He is just echoing your grammatical sentence templates back at you, possibly you say a larger ratio of single word sentences?
Or I am long-winded
succinctness is a virtue
I love embracing things into a problem
That is the usual pattern really *sigh*
:,,,, (       D
Interactive cypher terminal!  http://docs.neo4j.org/chunked/milestone/cypherdoc-uniqueness.html
Alright, connected to neo4j from clojure and screwing around.  With three.js on the frontend (for when I need it).  Awesome
I haven't been this stoked about a database for a long time
How is life over there quile?
Ah right!  Yeah you are seasonal
when is the seasonal window?
Nice, that can be fun
That is the thing about your stack... hard to get away from it once you've built it
an important decision that you make right at the beginning
At least it is not python ; )
Yeah!  Given it is java, you should be able to work things in there incrementally
News on the startup front?
Ah, brb meeting D
Ipipipipip
I hate having something on my wrist
like a shackle
update your repos
First they imposed the U2, and I said nothing because I didn't have to download it...
Then they imposed the coldplay, and I said nothing because the tune was actually kind of catchy...
Then they imposed the one direction, and I could do nothing because the world was engulfed in flames
And everyone was on fire
I think that may be the moral of the story
Whoa, sounds tasty and inspiring!
Agreeeeeeeed
Let's do that
Actually, it has been awhile since I've seen quile's mug at all!
That will be ere the set of sun!
Upon the health
*heath dammit D
If you guys want to meet downtown we could go to one of a zillion food cart pods?
Also, been awhile since I have been to Ate Oh Ate
Also:  Bollywood
Also:  Anything else really
quile:  So many things, it is absurd
Pretty good lebanese by work, by the questionable name of "Hush Hush" D
Also, there is a Mi Mero Mole nearby D
Also, LOS GORDITOS
NO DOGDOG NO I CANNOT
Also, an amazing Thai place
Also:  Little big burger (which is actually pretty gooD)
Also:  breweries
justin_smith:  Ah sql string matching
How does that perform?
Ha!  Me too
I think so though
The links from http://let-caribou.in/ work fine
no https there
So it is really just from google results??
Where else would we be getting https?  Weird
Actually, I just googled it and it was http
quile:  You are right though, we should get the domain
Is this a riddle?
Ah
There is a function to clear it
somewhere
But if not, yeah it is just an atom in config
Or just sorting on a different prop
Ah... hmmm
Got it, that makes sense
Could almost be a setting
Is it just teague specific right now:?
Like a boolean on a model or something
That would be a local change vs a global change... might make sense
but negative positions are weird
justin_smith:  I did not!
I do not follow anything apple
I know this has been bothering you : )
That is kind of hilarious
I am deeply disturbed by apple actually
So yesterday I went into the apple store to pick up that router after talking to you guys
It was like walking into the church of scientology
Seriously fucked up, it is a legitimate cult
I like how the most successful modern day businesses are basically religions
We have not evolved since medieval times really, just the subjects have changed.
find -type f | xargs -i sed -i -e "s/person/orb/g" {}
If only this would work for my whole life
antiorbnel.... the thought saddens me
"Against orbs"
: (((((
That is pretty awesome
That is a self-imposed prophecy : )
Sounds cosmic
Yoyo D!
What was that?
That sounds right
Ah, interesting
I will have to check it out
quile:  Aha!  Yeah what is the situation?
justin_smith:  Right, so making a pipeline of seq operations in a way
quile:  Awesome!
What kind of networks are they analyzing?
justin_smith:  Aha, so it is more like dataflow in a way
quile:  Without a doubt
I want to talk to this guy
That would be awesome
quile:  So he needs people right now, or is he just making connections?
Wow, rad!
Definitely interested in that
So did you get details about what they are doing?  What kinds of networks?
Aha okay.  Well it will be good to talk to them then
Ah!  interesting
I haven't hit its ceiling yet... what are they using instead?
Got it
I would be curious to compare the performance of the two
So:  probably faster
I mean, it is built on titan, so it does not seem necessarily in process/in memory
Titan is talking about scaling across clusters etc
Ah I see what you mean now (just read your last statement... reading is good)
justin_smith:  Hmm... I really like cypher, not sure about titanium's api (gremlin queries??)  But if it is faster it is worth a shot
My erc just blows up emacs every once in awhile
justin_smith:  That is strange behavior...
justin_smith:  Using clojure.tools.trace all the time now
Thanks for that one
WAAAAAAY better than throwing printlns everywhere
It is sad, if the environment was better I would be all over it
I think they are actually trying to deter people sometimes
Like, you must suffer for purity
Truth is pain
I think haskell kind of imposes humility, whereas the scripting languages are all about becoming intoxicated with power
"That looks like syntax, here let me hose your db"
It is a good idea... you should propose it on #haskell ; )
Supplication homology
was that the syntax?  It has been too long
Or he already knows that one of course
justin_smith:  Very curious how this meeting with the aussie goes... try to get some details : )
quile:  What is your plan?  Are you going to try to pick up some work from them?
Yeah, let's set that up!
Maybe an email introduction?
Which reminds me, I met with Spencer about a month ago
Took a tour around the Collaborative Life Sciences Building with him
It was freaking spectacular!
That place is amazing
Yeah, he seemed really awesome
I think I'm going to try to get in that program
So thanks for that
justin_smith:  Yeah, definitely.  I probably have less time than you, but depending on how things go it could work out
justin_smith:  Yeah I would like to talk to them first of course, but it would be awesome to work together again : )
When I turn off the weird machine it doesn't seem to be affected
Ah, interesting idea
So the server provides a spec for its own interaction
There must be some meta-spec of sorts
Got it, does it work?  What uses it currently?
Seems like you would still need a specialized client, but the flexibility could be worth it
Right, but the client would still have to be able to receive these kinds of messages
Ah, so you are talking js where it is dynamically evaluating code provided by the server???  Whoa
I CARE DOGDOG
justin_smith:  So how did it go otherwise?
You probably just intimidate him with your mad clojure skillz
That guy is pretty funny, I like most of his history
Are you on twitter now justin_smith?
I see you posting a bunch of tweets lately D
Do I now??????????
Just found you, right!
I never go on that thing
Yeah, I was into it for awhile there
spouting randomness
quile:  Radical!  Been waiting for these to go down for awhile now
Still waiting for the tech as a whole to plateau a bit... but this could be a good temporary solution
And stay melted
justin_smith:  That is a great idea!
Can we get a spacetime clock already?
No problem!
Well, that is worthwhile at least
Definitely want to have another musical coding session soon
You bastard
That is amazing, really
Can you decode??
This could save your life someday
It is brilliant
Hahaha next base-pretty-cool!-encoding
SEE THE HELL
Dooooooooooooood
Dude, the gravity kraken sounds pretty ominous
At this point gravity kraken is going to be some project somewhere
The next time I need a name...
Anyone remember the old internet thread about the guy who wrote a compression algorithm and was so confident in it he compressed all his data without writing a working decompressor first??
I am trying to find it but doing searches for compression/decompression is almost as bad as searching for a free ipaD
Yeah right??  Apparently everyone is vulnerable??
How did that vulnerability go unnoticed for so long?
It seems fairly simple actually
Yoyo D!
So, you guys may or may not be surprised, but little bird's wordpress site has been utterly compromised
They have altered files on the filesystem and inserted php evals
The sidebar has turned into a pile of russian links
Hahahaha (cries)
So!  This may be an opportunity for caribou ; )
Going to throw up a static copy as a stopgap
Like, they have our filesystem
it is bad
Luckily it has nothing to do with our app, but still
feels dirty
Who the hell uses wordpress for anything anymore???  What a disaster
Awesome!  Love birch
Those are freaking crazy
justin_smith:  This is a game about cookies??
Sounds awesome
That is one of the best
Ominous
three three word poems
Ooops
Hahaha, we can do that the easy way??
If you want to cheat, just delete some lines from your history and restart
Rewrite history, everyone does it
I look forward to arbitrary statements contrived entirely to embiggen sentence length!
It makes me think the Beckett of today has spent all of that effort in WoW and we will never read any of his plays
justin_smith: This sounds plausible as well
That makes me think all of the great artists were really just people who decided to work on stuff instead of fritter away their lives on pointless activities
A parable for us all
quile:  Up to four!  That is pretty good
You have to hook balls the word into balls other words in the balls chain so that balls it will appear balls in a balls path.
I just sabotaged my own tree for a misguided demonstration.  Balls
I emitted noises resembling mirthful emissions from my face orifice
Yes, a fine and sparkling morn to orbastate the welcoming of thine own craggenfeld spurion quile-uhr
Flags is a profound response quile.  Short but packed with density.  A semantic singularity if you will
quile:  Wow, docker looks awesome!
I seeeeeeee......
Where did that come from?
Someone should tell them about the generations of violence and genocide playing itself out in their lower intestine
justin_smith:  How goes over there?
What are you up to lately?
Ha!  What kind of haskell stuff?
Also, we never really dealt with auth did we?
Auth in caribou... our api is wide open if I recall
And logins etc
I thought that was what you were talking about... correct me if I'm wrong
Ah right... that was the consensus.  Don't handle it : )
Aha, okay that is better
Right.  That is ripe for improvement
justin_smith:  Yeah, the docker thing seems like way overkill, but looking into it I think they prune the images as much as possible......  I would have to use it to find out
I think with "dependencies per project" the issue gets into that there is not a clean way to compartmentalize all these dependencies
which is what docker is trying to solve
everything in a little compartment
Supposedly it is simpler?????  I am skeptical that could ever be simpler
Simpler to use???  Not sure, certainly not simpler in implementation
I think it is trying to control the issues that come up across environments... so that things are guaranteed to run the same way everywhere.  Kind of like the jvm but for anything
And it is not necessarily avoiding having to know anything about unix, but just not having to spend a bunch of time screwing with things every time you want to run it on a new machine
At least, that is the sentiment
It is good to remain open to new ideas though, I would at least like to try it out before I condemn it : )
The thing is I don't really need it right now
We get a lot of benefit from having the jvm as a basis, the project just needs one dependency really
at the system level
So you think it is just a dumbification of system level dependencies basically?  Kind of like a mongo of dependency management?
Like "This is way simpler!  Yay!"  without realizing what you are sacrificing?
So you think the problem is shared libs then?  That every project should just use its own libs?  It kind of makes sense
What else is shared right now?
It is very isolationist of you : )
So the system would just be a mediator of each individual environment
Would that work for deploying the same project on any OS?
Or at least any *nix OS?
That is I think the main problem docker is trying to solve
Re:  instrument that is one Damn sexy site
Square space is what justin lewis always really wanteD anyway
That is awesome.
Man I love haskell.  What have you been doing with it lately?
And have you just been playing that cookie game?  Or have you found something new to screw with?  : )
I have also been playing a bunch of dumb games, but more of the tabletop variety
We'll never become Beckett this way
Ah right!  Let's get back into that
Hear from Dan after that crazy update?
quile:  Welcome back!
How was the trip?
justin_smith:  So they are finally getting sane stacktraces for clojure!
it is good news
Dude where do you find this stuff?
that is hilarious
I feel like that just captured a large part of college seminar
Are they doing that intentionally??  It is too ironic
http://butdoesitfloat.com/  is awesome today...  "The Bus" by Paul Kirchner
Haskell and randomness are mutually exclusive concepts
I added a js snippet to the Zalgo repo you can apply to any webpage and it will progressively zalgoify it
javascript:var zalgo=function(){function t(e){return!e||/^\s*$/.test(e)}var e={up:["̍","̎","̄","̅","̿","̑","̆","̐","͒","͗","͑","̇","̈","̊","͂","̓","̈́","͊","͋","͌","̃","̂","̌","͐","̀","́","̋","̏","̒","̓","̔","̽","̉","ͣ","ͤ","ͥ","ͦ","ͧ","ͨ","ͩ","ͪ","ͫ","ͬ","ͭ","ͮ","ͯ","̾","͛","͆","̚"],down:["̖","̗","̘","̙","̜","̝","̞","̟","̠","̤","̥","̦","̩","̪","̫","̬","̭","̮","̯",
n=function(e){var n=[];var r=function(e){do{if(e.hasChildNodes()){r(e.firstChild)}else if(!t(e.textContent)){n.push(e)}}while(e=e.nextSibling)};r(e);return n};var r=function(e,t,n){return e.substr(0,t)+n+e.substr(t)};var i=function(e){return Math.floor(Math.random()*e)};var s=function(){var t=Math.random();var n=t<.4?"up":t<.8?"down":"mid";var r=i(e[n].length);return e[n][r]};var o=function(e){var t=i(e.length);var n=s();return
r(e,t,n)};var u=function(e){var t=e.textContent;e.textContent=o(e.textContent)};var a=n(document.body);var f=function(){setInterval(function(){var e=i(a.length);var t=a[e];u(t)},20+i(50))};var l=function(){for(var e=0;e<50;e++){f()}};l()}()
https://github.com/prismofeverything/zalgo/blob/master/resources/js/zalgo.js
Of course, if you paste a string into your browser that starts with "javascript:" it will strip it for you : )
Apparently too many people were being exploited by being convinced to paste in arbitrary javascript into their location bars
Yoyoyo D
justin_smith:  Sounds awesome!  I will see if I can work it in
quile:  How goes?
I have been busy as fuck but just got a chance to turn on IRC
Max is a daddy (again)
justin_smith:  What are you working on lately??
I think we should all get some lunch next week
I miss you guys
Ah yeah!  Love that place
I don't think I've been there since that guy rammed into us then drove into a building
freak
Jodi finally got a check 6 months later!
Yeah, she has a new car : )
Well, it is an impressive story
Yeah, well those guys are cooler than the people Jodi was dealing with.  It was insane
I think it was because he also ran into the building, so it went through commercial insurance claims and they couldn't be resolved separately for some reason??
Wooooooooooooow ouch
There is never a good time for that image
quile justin_smith:  How do you guys feel about tomorrow for lunch?
Ah, that works for me
Thursday then
How are things over there quile?
Well, aren't you about to have a baby?
Right!
Dude well luckily you will have plenty of time after the little one arrives ; )
You might need to find a hobby or something
When is the little one due?
Thursday it is!
justin_smith:  Awesome!  Yeah bummed I couldn't make it
The guy seems pretty rad
So yeah, how has it evolved?
Ha!  Small (noise) world
Hahaha WTF quile????
Nice!
Dude, your characterization is uncanny
Have you ever thought of going into script writing?  No seriously
Actually, I bet your movies would be amazing
Narrative skill is not to be underestimated.  There is a reason that stuff works
I forget if you have read any Keith Johnstone?
It seems we may have had a conversation about this before
This one:  http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/306940.Impro
Shostakovich : Bach :: ??? : Shakespeare
Anyone know?  I would love to see a modern elaboration on fundamental narrative structure
Yeah I was thinking Beckett...
Don't know much Stoppard
Awesome, thanks for the lead
Beckett : Shakespeare :: Gödel : Whitehead
Hahahaha!  Holy crap alright must read
Oh I am patchwork again
justin_smith:  I have a thing at 2:00, so it is going to have to be a little earlier
And that place is better the earlier you go
quile:  That is what we talked about, though I am open to anything
11:30 would work better for me, though I know that is early for quile ; )
quile:  Sounds good
Indian still sounds good to me...  I haven't been to that place in forever
Duuuuuude
Well, method_missing itself is one of the worst language features ever made, so this just makes it more like what it already is...
quile:  What probability does he trigger with?
33333333
3333333333333333333
Doing a lot of screwing around with vagrant lately... you guys ever use that?
It is pretty cool
Also: tmux
Basically I am tricking out our whole development environment to boot in different tmux windows on vagrant up
It is like playing with toys
part of why it is awesome doing programming
I feel like it is a direct extension of legos
playful monkeys
How goes over there quile?
Oh yeah?
Nice, always wanted to screw with that.  Haven't done any UI for awhile now
Everyone around here is way into angular
It seems like the "new cool thing"
But I thought react was superior?  (though I know very little about either of course)
Hahahaha yeah!  That quote will come in handy.  I'll let everyone know : )
What is the difference?
Ahhhhhh okay... yeah man, the magic
I feel like people use the word "magic" for "assumptions that are a giant pain in the ass to work around"
quile:  That article is hilarious
Yeah, is anyone using python 3 right now?
justin_smith:  Ha!  Do you have a transcript?
justin_smith:  Not sure... it was a while ago
So probably an old one
Ah!  Well then it hasn't been updated in a while : )
Yeah it is a little fussy
Hmm... so it could be an improvement we could make
Hooooooooly crap
Don't make me cry
Ah yeah!  Definitely want to see this one, thanks for the reminder
Which day are you going?
Oh right!  That is right around the due date
I heard it ~2004 I think
Love it
Okay, well I'll get some tickets for myself at least
I guess you will have to play it by ear then : )
As it should
justin_smith quile:  Have either of you tried Austin?  https://github.com/cemerick/austin
Funny
I was looking at piggieback, then I found austin is a wrapper for it
So then chestnut is a wrapper for that??
Ha
Ah I see, it is a lein template
Interesting, I was using a different lein template for three.js stuff
Maybe I can combine them somehow
Oh, and this thing uses weasel, which is apparently an alternative to austin!
Interesting... I have been away awhile
justin_smith:  Being an adult is overrated
All this taking responsibility for your own existence thing is a real downer
But I respect your opinion
Yeah, fun is not something you can ever *make* anyone else do
Fun is something that happens spontaneously
How do you feel about fun in general justin_smith?  Is it just imposed fun (which is a self-contradictory) that is the issue?  Or do you feel there is an issue with fun itself?
spontaneous silence is still spontaneous
justin_smith:  That is interesting.  I also had a very open ended and permissive upbringing (probably not as extreme as you), but I didn't have this imposition on holidays, which seems contrary to that idea
It is interesting to witness how much we are affected by our upbringing, even to this day
quile:  Curious what Callum will say about his upbringing ; )
quile:  That is a waaaaaaay better way to do it
4th of July is the worst holiday
In the US holidays are another excuse to sell/buy a bunch of useless plastic crap
Everything is commodified
justin_smith:  I do think there are strengths and weaknesses to every approach.  Your upbringing seems to have left some scars, but it also made you who you are in other ways.  Jodi was recently criticizing my upbringing (!) for not teaching me some essential things to function as a human.  But then these same things are in other ways an advantage.  So there are two sides to everything I guess
In other news... looks like you succeeded there quile!
Yeeeeeeeaaah
hahahahaha
Also:  I don't think a human can avoid being spontaneous.  Even if you are following some script, you are spontaneously choosing to be scripted.  It is a fallacious dichotomy
And deeply misleading
YOU HAVE THE CHOICE
That is like the Haskell anathema
The Anti-haskell
You guys are playing with fire here
It is true... I was talking to anybot
It was enlightening and strange
quile:  Yeah I am going
quile justin_smith:  Definitely, let's meet somewhere
quile:  Ah, looks awesome!  Never heard of it before
What time can you make it down there?
Sounds good to me
quile:  What the fuck is "gustatory rhinitis" ???
(dec mongodb)
quile:  But what is it???
I mean.... it sounds like a fancy description of the effect
justin_smith:  anybot is okay... I think he is responding to me saying "what"
justin_smith:  Or maybe question marks then!
quile:  Seriously??  So, not an allergy, not a condition you can treat?
Got it, crazy!
Well, good to know
Ahh that makes sense
So how do you treat it then?
justin_smith:  Yeah man!  Sometimes I am so wrapped up in stuff I forget to join here
How goes with you?
Wow!  Sounds badass
Dude, you get to do linux audio for work, that is an achievement
Yeah, awesome situation
brb meeting Jodofon for lunch
justin_smith: So is that how you implemented the audio stuff, with a protocol for reading and writing bytes?
Aha
Yeeeeeeeah
There was only one processor?
And did each one depend on the output of the previous?  Or were they in parallel basically?
Ah, so it was basically parallel
Yeah
Funny!
Aahhhhh, but it seems like you could feed all of those into a clojure program or something to properly parallelize it
Yeah!  jinx
Without a doubt
Yeah that is what it is for
Awesome
Right, so dataflow for actual flowing data : )
That would be awesome
Yeah well you have those problems coordinating any concurrent processes in a way
That would be hilarious, a curses max/msp interface
With ascii wiring between nodes
I would like to see how that performs
But so much more work, and less general
Right, you would need a translation layer
It could be a whole language!
Hmm.... (wheels spinning)
Yeah right!  Still, would be awesome
justin_smith:  What are you up to tonight?  Want to do some code music?
Yeah what is your schedule now??
Wow crazy
So that is what... waking up at three in the morning?
I can see how that would have a serious impact yeah
So it is almost your bedtime then!
justin_smith:  Sounds good
I'll come by your place
What is your apartment number again?  (I always hit the wrong buzzer...)
Awesome!  I'll let you know when I'm heading over there (could be a little later, probably not too much)
justin_smith:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kahn_process_networks
Thankfully
justin_smith:  Yo!  How goes?L
It is good
: )  Yeah sometimes you just need to peel away the abstraction
Always a tradeoff between time saved typing less and raw power of the lower level
Conceptual clarity vs pure flexibility
Well, sql itself is an abstraction of course
Rejects multimethods... of course!  Well, seems like it wouldn't be too hard to find the right predicate
How can you detect a multimethod?
Yeah, caribou queries are really just meant to simplify querying across many tables
That is their main benefit, you can ignore the details of join tables and just focus on the model relationships.  But yeah, huge things missing in terms of generality
I wonder, if we ever fulfilled the dream of targeting many different backends, then the caribou query would be an abstraction over different db paradigms and that would be a benefit... But I'm still not sure that is even plausible
Ah yeah, that talk looks awesome
Haven't had a chance to watch it yet
Really!  Ha
finger issues?
Might be your keyboard : )
evil-mode... Still want to give that a try.  How complete are they?
And doesn't vim have a bunch of chords once you get out of the main proper?
Yeah I never really learned... a good reminder.  Always wanted to
So wait, you just hit ctrl, and it is a prefix?
Ah, I see
That is pretty badass actually
Ah!  I keep hearing about this
Alright, will have to check it out
The other one is interstellar... though it seems more mixed
Ahhhh right : )   It seems intentionally meta
Yeah which is just off the hook
Among other things....  yeah and that movie kind of spawned the entire recent comic book hero movie movement
Cool, I will check it out
Right, most movies are intentionally fortune cookies
To relate to everyone, have no content
let me viewer fill in their own identity
*the
Also, you have inspired me to start listening to all of the Beethoven string quartets
I never really spent much time with them
They are pretty amazing
I think it also depends on how they are played
What recording do you listen to?
I have amazon prime (order a lot of things) and I was able to download the Alexander set
for free
Yeah they are archetypical works of structure in a way
Like, "this is how things harmonize"
"These are organized harmonies"
They are almost works of physics
Definitely proofs, composed of the axioms of acoustics
Wave existence... I always wish I could spend some time and read all the wave math I can find, and thoroughly once and for all transition to the wave perspective of reality
The particle view is so ingrained in perception.  Like we have all these edge detectors to filter wave existence into bins
But the secret is in the waves
Is quile really around??
quile!  How is the little one?  : D
Wow, I said that?
I love the basic idea
Well that is integration for you
Yeah, infinity is great in theory
But for our poor finite mortal existences we have to cut some corners : )
I need an infinity engine
that I could just tap into, like a server
The infinity server
Then I could get some real work done
That is what I thought!  But neo4j thinks otherwise
That is the sane interpretation
But if they are willing to take you to court over it, then you get judges involved who have no idea what is going on... You are risking an expensive battle on behalf of the company
this is pretty enlightening:  http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6500925/agpl-license-question-re-neo4j
And, you still need to buy the license to get any kind of high reliability
That is amazing
But what does it do beyond that?
Send information back somewhere?
Wow, crazy
Of course though, anything that is possible will happen eventually
Just amazing to think of how dependent and open everything really is
How much possibility a general computing architecture really provides
Yeah, there are evil geniuses of the world
http://quietube6.com/v.php/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8ei1NF0oic
!
Premium couch oil is hard to find nowadays
used only in the most refined of recipes
!!!
quile!  How goes man??
Hahahaha yeeeeeeeah
In whatever
Yeah that seems like a heavy requirement
I mean a week old, that is insane
I can't even imagine what it is like to be a week old
I will dig deeper then
How are you all holding up?  How's Tara?  How's Callum?
Awesome
Wow yeah, so it's all you then
Yeah nuts!  Well that is what you are there for
You have time off work I assume?
Ah right!
I am listening as well!  Love this thing, so mad
He is in the crazy heavy fourth painting right now
love this one
(I think it is the fourth)
Really starting to get a feel for each painting now, after listening through it a couple of times
Is that the one?  Where is the list?
Yeah it is incredible man, seriously thanks for showing me
It has instantly become one of my favorite pieces of music
You guys use caps lock as ctrl right?
It is insane not to
This does make me want to finally learn vim though, it does seem more elegant
I love the idea
Time to give it a shot : )
I have used vim just enough to know how to get around a bit
but not enough to see the linguistic elegance you speak of
Ordered:  http://www.amazon.com/Pictures-Exhibition-Other-Works-Piano/dp/0486265153
Going through vimtutor right now
Quite a portrait there
And a bunch of other piano music!  Curious about that
Probably some good stuff in there
Yeah he looks fucked up
Okay I get it.  vim is awesome
$ - end of line
^ - beginning of line
d - delete
d$ - delete to end of line
d^ - delete to beginning of line
Iseeiseeiseeisee
Lovely
Yeeeeeeeeahh that is badass
Whoa what the hell?
That is crazy
Aaaaahh yeah
So wait, what is ' , and . ??
' - from mark?
Got it
Ah holy crap
that is awesome
So . composes?
like a pipe or something?
Ahh okay
Right!
screwing with that now
Okay that is super useful
!
Right, registers are always something I wanted to use more of in emacs, this seems far more accessible
Okay, this is enlightening
Freak yeah
Hmm, my marks seem to start from the beginning of lines no matter where I put them
Yeah that part I am fine with
That is why you don't have to chord around
Ah, so how do I mark a specific point in a line?
Or is that not the deal?
Interesting
Yeah being able to just operate between marks and not necessarily the point is rad:  :'a,bd
Or whatever
What about clojure editing?  Syntax highlighting?  Modes?
paredit?
At the moment yeah
Might be nice to immerse myself before messing with the hybrid
Well, ed is the one true editor
Hmm... d% is half of paredit ; )
That is odd.  So you have seen both now?
Hahahaha what the hell?
Seems like they may be targeting a certain demographic....
So they are basically the same movie then
The parallelism is uncanny
Dude this is almost a thesis!
Apparently gravity is not a force (or so I'm told)
Not sure!  I need more physics to know... but it is something about how the "force" of gravity is really all particles trying to move in a straight line through curved space
I feel like they do that every year
It is ingenious... I hope they win
Wow, that is releavnt
I mean, relevant
I MEAN< RELEVANT
Hello!
()
(monday morning meeting........)
Ahh nethack.  Thanks for the reminder : )
I guess they were decoupling the commands from the keybindings.  Makes sense actually
Ooohhh okay, ha!  Well yeah, that seems unnecessary
Someone was overeager in their abstraction it seems
Yeah, just because you can code it, doesn't mean it makes sense
It reminds me just how many ways things could be coded that we dismiss without even thinking about them because they are obtuse and strange
But they are still possible
Rube-Goldberg oriented programming
The simplest thing is such a small point in the vast space of possibility
Which is why it is so rarely found
Where the theme is arrived at by more and more laborious means
And then they are performed in reverse, so that the original theme is the last thing played
Oh quile by the way, my Mussorgsky book has arrived in the mail
I have already been playing through it, what an awesome piece
Bydlo might be my favorite
for whatever reason
But yeah, the great gate of kiev, that thing rocks.  So satisfying to play
Yeah, I can't thank you enough
I showed Jodi the book, she flinched when she saw his portrait ; )
He is quite a dude
justin_smith:  Only pride
I have messed around with that shadershop before, pretty cool!
Yes, being lunch is quite expensive
@wotd
That is always shocking to me
How did they hold up?
Yeah sometimes I am like "This is brilliant!  How did I ever do this?" and sometimes I am like "WTF was I thinking gaaaaaahhh!!"
Always strange to see evidence of thought patterns from a seemingly different person
That would be amazing
Crossing the gulf of time
TNT is awesome
Though I forgot to say just flank and they threw all the crazy stuff in the bowl : )
Between first and second on Ankeny
Right by all the Saturday market stuff
Wow!  That was ... verbatim? D
justin_smith:  How goes?
Hey I wanted to ask you if you were free Sunday?
We are having a dinner party with Annie and Jarvo and would like you to come if you are able : )
Our house, early dinner?
Sweet!  Looking forward to it
What are you up to lately?
What is foundationdb?
Ah, interesting
So kind of like redis?  More reliable than redis?
Wow, seriously
That is pretty radical
Right, I love it.  Giving us an actual tangible way to measure db behavior beyond a bunch of marketing claims and vague situational benchmarks
Interesting
Good to know about, I may find use for that some day
I just found a legitimate reason to have the code here rewrite itself while it was running
Not every day that comes up, could not resist
These people had overridden "method_missing" for the Hash class to do lookups on the method name
So like "foo.bar = 5" instead of "foo[:bar] = 5"
Which is great if your key is not actually a method in hash, in which case everything goes to hell
So I appended the method_missing to look up where it was in the execution stack, find the line, substitute out the sane accessor and write the file back to disk
It is like a self-repairing function
Yeah, it is pretty awesome
Take that ruby
I called the branch "method_present"
Ah looking forward to retiring this poor thing once and for all
justin_smith:  Looking forward to hearing that
As in, BASIC?
Oh man I miss BASIC
GOSUB yo
Or should I say, 10 GOSUB
Always
What do you think?
I have been checking it out, but I'm not sure it has 20 WEBSCALE
justin_smith:  Working for jono?  Awesome!
justin_smith:  Great to hear
I had other obligations unfortunately
What was it about?
Ha, how is he going about that?
quile:  Thanks for the warning!  Pretty calm out there right now, crazy
justin_smith:  How is it working out?
Uh-oh
justin_smith:  Yeah I have noticed that too... I wonder if the history files got reset somehow?
justin_smith:  Are you getting some sound out of those things yet?
Awesome!
Oh man, what is the new `lein push`?
Just did that and it gave me a bunch of gpg errors...
Hmm.... must have been awhile
Ah, nevermind
I just don't have gpg installed on this machine!
Ha!  I think that number is about 3 right now
No, but I'm glad we do
I like that we had hyperbolic before linear
That is awesome
Linear algebra is a form of magic
No he just got back
Poignant
Your mic was recording its own eulogy?
Yeeeeeah, it is like a roadside shrine propagator
roadside shrines that lure people into them to create more roadside shrines
self-propagating
That is dark
Yeah!  Watch out, there are traps everywhere
http://www.ski.org/Vision/Eyepage/Images/insectB.jpg
justin_smith:  Wow that looks like an awesome show
Also the symphony tonight
Also the gamecrafters meetup
Too many things going on tonight
Dingle??   What the hell?
quile:  Hey man, how was the show!
Glad to see that
justin_smith:  How was the show!
quile:  Ah really?  bummer
justin_smith:  Ah really?  bummer!
quile:  Yeah I wondered about that
It is so saccharinized
I mean, still awesome but yeah
justin_smith:  What was the problem??  It looked pretty cool
Oh, house beats
quile:  What was it that Perlman played?
justin_smith:  Hahahahaha
quile:  Okay, I mean, okay.  Interesting!
Yeah last time I heard perlman live it was okay, but maybe because he is so famous I was expecting more
I feel like he really hams it up
He is like the Kenny G of violinists
Ah, well yeah
Or maybe Perlman is more the Spielberg of violinists
Okay
Was really wrestling with either going to that, going to Smitho's ambient show or just hitting my gamecrafters design group
Yeah quile, you have ruined me on pictures!
Also, the piano version is hard to find
Do you know a good recording of it?
Yeah, like it is too polished
Yeeeeeeaaah
I mean a recording just of the piano version
not orchestral
Cool, I'll check it out
Was looking around and searching for it just reveals recording after recording of the orchestral version
justin_smith:  Sorry to hear about the wankery!
I just ended up hanging out with some game designers
Got a great playtest of Sol in
Ah there we go
Thanks quile
Clearly
That would be kind of amazing
and bizarre
You should be able to stream videos into ascii art
and images
!!
Gets me every time
That seems redundant
Netsplit most likely
justin_smith:  undirected acyclic???
I did not realize
That seems...undesirable
justin_smith:  Yeah man!  You can have it any time
Didn't mean to keep it so long... such is book loaning
justin_smith:  Yeah good call!  Next week for lunch would be awesome
About time
Right, but other people have I believe
Happy Monday D
justin_smith:  No I did not.  But I will put it in my backpack and bring it tomorrow... Meet for lunch then?
Oh hell!
Hmm....
Where is the reading?
Okay!  Sorry about that
Sure... well we can still do lunch tomorrow?

Those are spaces
justin_smith:  How about Kenny + Zukes downtown?
Works well to get there at 11:45
Awesome
justin_smith:  How is work going for you lately?
We are looking for a clojure developer actually... More frontend/backend than pure backend
I have been messing with Om, it looks pretty cool
justin_smith:  Awesome!
justin_smith:  Looks like I have something until around 12:30 tomorrow actually, so meet up for lunch a little later?
Ah, I have to get out of here now
Fleeing downtown!
Talk to you tomorrow
justin_smith:  Aha!  Sounds pretty fun
Does everyone read?
I'm sure I could find something laying around...
Ahh awesome.  Yeah I would be interested in that
What else have you read by Jesse Ball?
I'll have to check that one out
Oh, so did you see I have to do lunch a little later today?  After 12:30... let's just say 12:45 if you can still do it
Cool
justin_smith:  You still planning on coming down here?
Getting huuuuuungry
Okay you must be on your way : )
: )
Yeah because cops are always going around recording things
So in other news, neo4j totally fell over when we tried to load it with data
Apparently it is optimized for many hops across sparse networks, and we have some nodes with ~5000000 edges
Which in those cases it has to scan through every edge : (
We were on the phone with their engineers and everything, they basically told us we were trying to do a "global" query and it wouldn't work
So!  There goes that idea
Now to explore every other option available
quile:  WTF!
I guess I see the path to success
Exploding kittens!  How had I never thought of that...
Impressive!
Our company is still trying to raise 2 million... I'll let them know this new tactic we should be using
Contracting is fun... I wish I had time off
I just wrote 93 lines of code to implement betweenness centrality without testing it and it ran correctly the first time
Shit like that makes me feel like a superhero
ha
Then I realize it is just some code and no one's life is saved
https://www.refheap.com/96400
In case anyone needs it
justin_smith:  That is a lot of piss
Why are we wasting all this water on olympic pools!
quile:  For you:  http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2t9vgj/why_i_hate_new_zealanders_and_why_i_always_will/
You guys going to Clojure West?
Getting my ticket now
justin_smith:  Oh, so I went and saw inherent vice last night!
WTF was that, wow
I think I pieced it all together but I am still fuzzy on the real estate guy's role in everything
Pretty interesting flick though... we discussed it for like 2 hours afterwards so that is a sign of a good movie
Right, but he didn't seem to play that large of a role in the larger scheme of things
Was he part of the cult before or something?
Why would they care if he fell into a hippy thing?
But what was her connection to everything else then?
She was hanging out with the fbi...
(at least, the fbi was having a pool party at the house)
Hmm.... but the fbi was also there at the institution with Wolf guy
So it seems like they knew
The fbi seemed to be in on everything
Right
The fbi represented the government itself, sort of orchestrating all of this other stuff
Yeah, that was crazy
There was a lot of textural contrast in the movie
That just came out of nowhere, he kills those guys and then bigfoot is down there...
Ha!  Ooh good find
Right, I feel like bigfoot lead him through that whole thing in a way
That was a great relationship between those two
Yeah but I loved the whole connected industries kind of thing, that the heroin dealers would get into the rehabilitation business, and also dentistry
Cause the problems, then fix them, profit the entire time
It was basically a giant paranoid conspiracy kind of thing
Yeah of course : )
No, what's that?
Ah, that sounds awesome
Sorry I missed it
Yeah that is amazing : )
quile!  How goes?
Hey quile!  Long time no see : )
How goes man?
Aha!  How was that?
Gone all week?
That is intense
Yeah, how does that work?  Did she get some help from her folks?
Ah wow
Oh hell, did you get to see White Mass??
Not really forgivable
Right : )   Well was it good to be with the compatriots?
Inhabit the same space as other humans etc
Well, welcome back
Surely rest is in your future
Oh man, total blast
Maybe largest group yet?
Superbowl was definitely working in our favor
Oh yeah, awesome!
Should be fun : )
If I can get the Bach down that is
some tricky stuff in there
I will have it down over and over again and then just randomly stumble over some innocent passage
Should be fun though
Want to do one of my own compositions for the next one
Whenever it is I fit in composing something with all the other things I'm doing
Yeah, seems more in the spirit of things ultimately
I saw that : )
Good spirited folk the kiwis
quile:  Already have my ticket!
Looking forward to it
You going?
Yeah... how much different is it?
justin_smith:  You going?
Tasty
justin_smith:  Good to see you last night!
That was pretty fun actually
Ah really!  Yeah that sounded really cool
Also curious about this funhouse thing Jed was talking about
Ah rad.  Shell clojure, I love it
Pretty impressive really
Ha!  Cljell
I would use it
quile:  Awesome!  Let's coordinate as the time approaches
I thought Jed had an employer
Ah
Yeah right
I guess I should have asked my employer!
Actually, maybe it is not too late...
Hahahaha a different one each time?
That is kind of radical
justin_smith:  Where do you want to go to lunch today?
I can travel anywhere
Yeah that sounds perfect
quile:  Oh man!  What the hell?
Where from?
Holy crap!
Woooooooooow
Did you have any indication when you were cooking with them?
Wow crazy
Well, since food poisoning can kill you, yeah
Yeah I can imagine
I have a meeting until noon, so probably 12:15?
If that works for you guys
This is the paper I am implementing today:  http://www.emilio.ferrara.name/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/isda2011-k-path.pdf
Ah well, all a matter of perspective I suppose
quile:  It was pretty awesome actually!
Metamorphosis is amazing
And I actually enjoyed Carmina Burana quite a bit : )
I mean, it is goofass
It has this way intense opening fanfare, then... silliness
I can see why for sure
Was he?
It said that Hitler disapproved of the piece
But that doesn't mean he wasn't a nazi
Man, the nazis really ruined everything
It is interesting that Hitler's abomination created also a nuclear fallout in semantic/symbolic/stylistic space that has never recovered
It is like he took out everything conceptually around him, as well as physically
No one names their kids Adolf, no one wears funny vertical mustaches, no one uses swastikas
I wonder if sentiment will ever come around, kind of like how everyone thinks Gengis Khan is a badass now
That took what, a thousand years?
Yeah that is true.  There are also people in this country who wear/tattoo swastikas, just a relative minority
Holy crap, that is amazing!
And the source material is far above and beyond the run of the mill advertising fare
That guy is amazing
For some reason I innately trust him
That is some pretty badass klingon blade ascii art
quile:  Holy crap!  This is amazing
Wow, yeah I remember you talking about this guy
Yeah similar in that it is entirely his own voice and creation, I feel like this is way more out there harmonically
without being atonal
I like it a lot
Seems even more impossible to play than Scriabin as well ; )
What is it?
Hahahahha of course
I don't see how you could avoid that
Also though if you are sweating profusely why be wrapped in blankets??  Wouldn't that make it worse?
Well, the best apocryphal stories capture something of the truth
apocraphyl is a substance that converts photons into photogelatin
There is a reason certain stories are repeated over and over
On the other hand, wikipedia does not contain ALL knowledge, despite appearances
Maybe if you find a reference you can expand the article???
justin_smith:  Awesome!  Thanks for the heads up
Holy animal that is convoluted and strange
What can't you solve with more levels of indirection??
justin_smith:  What was the name of that profiler tool you were talking about at the last clojure meetup?
Also, do you know any way to stop emacs from trying to display a giant output once it's started??  : P
Already tried that ha!
quile:  Ah, it went great!
People seemed to really enjoy it
My hands were shaking like mad in the first movement of the Bach, but I settled down and the rest went of in spectacular fashion
*off
Yeah man, what the hell!  : D
How was the soccer game?
Haha wow, congrats!
You are like, MVP
Well, that sounds pretty awesome though
All in due time!
It is too bad, seriously I have to check with you next time I schedule one
The next one we are doing the Shostakovich sonata for Cello and Piano, transcribed for Viola
So that will be fucking rad
That Arby's thing, once again, just getting at the true spirit of the branD
Thank you internet for continuously articulating things I felt but could not express
What's up #tripartite?
I have been insanely busy lately
justin_smith:  What is the status of polaris lately?
I see we merged in those changes we didn't want to merge all that time ago
quile!  How goes man?
Oh man, what?
Ah, what is the situation?
Hmm, that is a bummer
Is it just being in a different location?
Ah yeah, man all I hear about is docker now
justin_smith:  I just remember they were that grapenthin guy's changes and he rewrote the whole thing
I think R2 was just doing due diligence and didn't realize we didn't want to merge them
Yeah I think I am going to do that
We are starting to use it at work now, and I am using the old ass version
But justin_smith:  My real question is what other kinds of improvements have we made since then?
I see you have done some work on the repo
Are they minimal?
Something about multimethods
Okay cool
I will take care of it
Cool!  Polaris lives
I don't know... I think he added something too
I will talk to him about it
Ah, I will just put the current state on a branch
Then revert and apply any improvements made since then (which I think are small)
I will be doing some work on it now that we are using it also
crux... good name
Well, maybe I will fork just for that reason?  Haha
No, that will be a new lib
Right
Yeah, that is a library waiting to happen
I think I finally understand what this middleware feature is that everyone always wanted
You want to be able to add a middleware to some url, and have all of the urls under it use that middleware
Like, tree scope middleware
So you don't have to add it to each function every time
Cool, for some reason I never got that before
The question is how to fit it into our vector-syntax
We already have the option to provide a map as the handler (with :GET, :POST as keys etc)
Yeah, that sounds right
That example the :base key is indicating the name of that route
It is not a trigger or anything
The thing is that the handler is a map of functions rather than a single function
I think it could fit in there
Or we have some idea of an options map somewhere
Right
So if you just provide a function, call that function
but if you have options provide a map there
It could be the entry point for a bunch of different options
(right now just HTTP type)
Does that work?
So justin_smith:  Your fix was to create the add-handler multimethod... how does this fix the multimethod thing?
Is a multimethod of type AFn maybe?
Was it failing on the (fn? ...) predicate?
Got it
Radical
justin_smith: quile:  Reverted!  You will have to reclone probably since I did a force push to master
Ah yeah, those things are amazing
They really knew how to write with pens back in the day
justin_smith:  Congratulations!
Do you have a link?
I've seen this one!
I mean, I've seen you perform this
Hey!  Nice anybot
anybot does so many things, but does not respond to his own name?
Seems like potential there : )
There we go
So he has already solved the general case
justin_smith:  Just saw all of this... Did you figure it out?
Ah, well that makes sense
So it just refused??
Ha
Well you know, dots are dangerous
Probably a security risk
That was facetious
Probably a dumbass string validator deep in the code somewhere
stingray hive symbol!
Sounds like danger
Yeah that is kind of freaky
Man I just got out of a crazy illness
finally back at it
Rough week
How are you doing quile?
It was flu-like
Yeah?  You open today?
Cool!  Totally down
Oooohh tough choice
Maybe hawaii
Yeah, that sounds awesome
Are you thinking the burnside one?
No that sounds good
Let's do it
Probably... 12:30
Done
Oh man, that soloist had the greatest three word poem when he was describing the Lutoslawski
justin_smith:  I have been wondering about that one!
I'll have to check it out
Let me remember
(something) apocalyptic meditation
When describing the third movement... do you remember?
That was definitely the last two
I think it was searing apocalyptic meditation
Hahahaha
Of course
Ah right... aleatoric
We have been pretty thorough there
I utilized a disk currency to aleatorically determine the outcome
justin_smith:  Speaking of movies, I finally saw interstellar : )
Well, I actually thoroughly enjoyed it
But I wasn't being very critical
There were a zillion things I could have taken issue with
But instead I decided to just enjoy it
quile:  Me neither, but randomly we will hit up the laurelhurst on a whim
justin_smith:  Like, I'm not sure it was realistic
Ah quile, if you are going to see it then I won't give anything away
Exactly
Well, when quile sees it we can have a throwdown on it
Ah!  I have been wondering about that one too
I think I have become less critical of things as time goes on
quile:  It is still at laurelhurst I think
Yep
See you there
What happened?
quile:  Ah!  Ate lunch at 11:00 today : )
Usually down though
I might need more heads up otherwise I will eat the first possible opportunity
Yeah let's do this week for sure
Down for some lunchslow
justin_smith:  Sounds pretty interesting
Reid Urban?   Why would I know this guy?
rings a bell
Vaguely
The past man, it's all a blur
Yeah I remember this whole... mass of people
They were everywhere
swarming around like bacteria
That gif does not open for me
Okay, the site did not open for me : )
Glad they finally made a law about that
Yeah, it was cool
is cool
Simplifies a lot of things
????
quile: justin_smith:  Down for lunch today?  If you guys feel like coming downtown
Cool, Thursday it is
3333333
I don't know man, the docs for `keep` say the function should be free of side effects ; )
Although I guess the exceptions are caught
That is pretty funny though
I mean, it works?
How else would you implement arities?
quile:  No!  But seriously interested in it
What do you think???
Yeah, it looks really rad
I am more interested in its scaling dynamic
Right, supposedly!  I haven't used it yet
And you will never believe the answers it gives, even though they are accurate
One of the lesser known Strauss works
justin_smith:  quile:  You guys still down for lunch today?
Ah yeah!
Well, it seems to have blown up a bit
Originally it was going to be an informal discussion about how to make an algorithm more efficient
I might be working until right before the event
But if not I will head down there/text you and see where you are
333333
justin_smith:  There are no time zones.  We are living in a society of hypnotized delusionists
There is no daylight savings time
Just because everyone is mistaken in the same way does not make them right
That is a feature
As it turns out, our models of reality and reality itself are not necessarily isomorphic
Cool!  I'll check it out
justin_smith:  Yeah!  Last week was crazy
How goes?
That is a rough story
Sorry to hear that!
333333333
SOL
It is happening
quile:  That show was pretty good!
I love seeing music at lincoln recital hall
Man, my bad too I meant to ask you a couple days ago and forgot
Dude shostakovich wrote that trio when he was 16
and it was awesome
Ah yes, back when doing weird shit was a way of life
justin_smith:  That is my favorite joke from the future
Yoyo!
How are you guys doing?
Just got back from a four day board game convention
It was madness
It was pretty off the hook
Sol was a blast
Did 10 demos
Everyone loved it, it was a hit
Got a bunch of sign ups
Met a bunch of game designers
Crazy times, definitely in recovery period
What did I miss?
Haha rad!
Do you have them up?
Oops
Ah yeah, that is quite a conflict
I'm sure she would understand ; )
You could probably make a case for that
What time is it happening?
You could probably make dinner and hit the show or vice versa
Oh man!  How is that guy?
Haha right : )
So wait, he's famous then?
Right, so is it paintings, or performance?  Or "installations"?
I guess I haven't been keeping track
Okay yeah I've seen one of these
That guy is pretty awesome
Always enjoyed his antics
Ah interesting
link?
Maybe useful for a music thing?
That would be my first application
(meeting)
Ah, we should all get lunch soon
Wow
I bet the abyss throat organ has some serious bass tone resonances
You guys able to get some lunch tomorrow?
Cool!
Any preferences?
Sure, old Indian Grill on burnside?
That is still the best indian I've found around town
Ah I did not hear about foundationdb... RIP??
Hooooooooly crap!!
Man, fuck apple
Wow, that is some ugly behavior
This reminds me of a terrible thing:  http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/307ihi/til_that_when_a_cockroach_touches_a_human_it_runs/cpq3jky?context=3
Don't read that
333333333
justin_smith:  That works for me... I can do a little later if need be
quile?
Great word!
I have been committing acts of illocution my whole life without even knowing it
33333
I would like to hear that poem dogdog
justin_smith:  Awesome!  What did you have in mind?
I realized recently that the one thing keeping me from having a blog was the word "blog"
That sounds extremely helpful
So basically what you do on IRC all day
Exactly
Everytime you answer a question, pull the transcription and put it on your site
Or maybe just the interesting ones
Yeah!  I did this recently also
For elephantlaboratories.com
It is a "chronicle", which makes me feel okay about doing it : )
http://elephantlaboratories.com/chronicle/index.html
Hell yeah
I am using cryogen and disqus, which made it completely straightforward to set up
In honor of your Mahler's 3rd party I will put it on also!
Ah yeah this is good
It definitely has some funny stuff in it... but a lot of it is the cool dark stuff
Maybe the time has come to restructure the traditional adventurer/dungeon denizen relationship
So much heartache and strife, for what?  If we all understood each other better, maybe we would find we are more similar than it first appears
justin_smith:  Ha!  Okay, I'll head over there
What is the status?
Hey, cool!
We just started using caribou core to connect to postgres also
Caribou renaissance
It lives!
Yeah if they are using it they are more than welcome to contribute
justin_smith:  Totally
Funny
quile:  Are you using the latest polaris with the subtree middleware?
Yeah we have three projects now using Polaris
New go to exception library
I have a shitty robot... it is called a "chair"
It has trouble getting around, but is still pretty cool
I mean, a work in progress
183
3333
Ah I remember these
Pretty awesome concept
If simple waves can combine into complex shapes, that gives a good basis for explaining how we can exist
Whoa!!  No way... no I did not
Gnaaaaaaaarly
That seems like a way better way to go about it
333333
Hey justin_smith, how goes?
Is it heavy?
How is work going lately?
map of http requests..... Oh yeah!
dechunk was the ticket
weird
So you are pretty open then?
I ask because we could use some help over here
Good to hear!  Maybe you can come by the office at some point this week?
Sweet
What is your rate lately?
(if you don't mind me asking)
No that sounds about right
Sure, well I'm not paying it ; )
Though little bird does not have a ton of cash right now
It will help me sell the idea
We have had to pass on some good candidates because they were too high, which is a real bummer
Cool... maybe tomorrow?
Let me scrounge it up
506 SW 6th Ave #200, Portland, OR 97204
(we are the whole second floor)
Good question, let me find out
How does 3:00pm sound?
Yeah, we are thinking of doing a workshop style thing
We will have a projector and maybe you could lead?
If that is not too intimidating : )
Hmm... maybe not leading, just driving
Not sure what the best format is, I could drive too and you contribute if that makes more sense
But yeah, a Clojure workshop.  You know, like we did at instrument
We pick something we are trying to build or a problem to solve and collectively figure it out
I like how they are interacting
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/172303/is-there-a-regular-expression-to-detect-a-valid-regular-expression
What string quartets?
Another good reason not to listen to pop
I have heard he is a huge D&D advocate
Could it be that Vin Diesel is actually a cool guy?
(the answer is yes)
33333333333333
How do we do expression evaluation?
Yeah that is almost runnable
I don't think I am too familiar with Dutilleux
What was played?  Do you have a link?
Schumann I could never get into
Okay yeah this is good
quile:  Ah... was that Dutilleux?  Yeah that was rad!
Okay this guy is legit
Yeah, impressionistic
quile!  How the hell's it going man?
quile:  : (
justin_smith:  Yeah I agree.  I think the impressionistic term has been abused
(like every other term)
Just downloaded these concertos....   Aaawwwwweeeeeeesome
justin_smith:  Which ones are they?
(headphones)
I would like
I kind of like git jinx pod
I just typed `> git jinx pod` into the command line and now my repository is floating a self-replicating through space
Probably
Or memory apparently
That is really the problem with exceptions
Crickets:  Food of the future
Anything with a bit of teriyaki sauce is not bad
They are food!  It is just our preconceptions that hold us back
in this cricket-deprived reality we have imposed on ourselves
333333333
Yoyo!
What is that?
No, ah is it a "mobile app"?
Ah awesome
You have a tablet now?
Osc is everything midi wishes it was
Wow this looks awesome
Man we are doomed
Watching now
quile:  That is nuts
Just the beginning
We are seeing the birth of a whole new way of life
Robot swarms building buildings
Robot swarms creating the space elevator
Robot swarms sent to harvest resources on other planets
Yeah then robot swarms devouring humanity
Before that though, it will be pretty amazing (the part we are able to witness)
I have not!
Thanks for the link
Oooooohhhh yeah
I have seen this
crazy!
Heading to Tacoma this weekend!  See you all next week
33333333
Yoyoyo
That is amuzing
quile:  Did justin_smith tell you he is coming to work for Little Bird??  : )
It is pretty awesome
Everyone is stoked over here
Well, all in due time ....
There will be much fun
it is true
There is more than enough fun to go around
quile:  Now you can come meet us at lunch downtown... since that will be happening with great regularity
Without a doubt
Pretty much whenever you want to come by ; )
Man I can't believe clojurewest starts this weekend
Yeah not sure how much of the weekend stuff I will see either
*shit
Yeah there is some kind of party at Puppet
Yeah, Sunday I think?
Hmmmm maybe Tuesday night?
Yeah that is the one
I swear I have seen "binary whine broadsword" before......
333333333
quile:  Were you using cassandra from clojure?
Did you use alia or cassaforte?
I guess I did
3333333
quile:  Can you make it to workshop today at 3:00?
(meant to ask you earlier but then... I didn't)
We are doing some async stuff
No worries!  Open invitation on fridays in general
3333333
quile:  Ha!  Yeah.... so happy.  The happiest of birthdays
I think I recognized most of the places that was pulled from
Definitely should be the standard happy birthday theme
I'm not sure of those... did he just make a bunch of stuff up?
Ah, did you see that someone is playing 22 of 32 beethoven sonatas at old church in May?
http://www.portlandmercury.com/portland/beethovens-odyssey/Event?oid=15384850
Postapocalyptic
Did you see that someone is playing 22 of 32 beethoven sonatas at old church in May?
Yeeeeeeeahh
Yeah, first night is May 6
Never heard of him... let me check
http://theoldchurch.org/next-month-at-the-old-church/
Beethoven's Odyssey - Gregory Partain?
Definitely planning on going : )
Yeah, I want to see as many of them as possible as well
7 performances might be hard to pull off
But still, I might try to go to all of them
Ha!  Awesome : )
I'll be there
I think we should see if the guy is even any good yet.  If he is slaughtering the sonatas then we don't need to worry about it ; )
quile:  Hmm... disjoint?
I think it only works for postgres though
I had them in mysql then had to take them out (for some reason I used to rant about but escapes me now)
