dogdog: woher kommst du?  was ist los?  sei vorsichtig!
hahahahaha
dogdog: YOLO
The gravity gets you down but you'll get used to it.
Yeah, DC suburb < Berlin
Pretty sure David Bowie wouldn't have been able to write "Heroes" in a DC Suburb.
well all the frontend peeps are going to Lisbon
I brought my lunch
justin_smith: have you simulated the first few nanoseconds of the big bang with your laptop yet?
haha i bet
DOH!
diggity
Dog
hahahahaa
hahahaha
wait, who is poocafe ?!
I know, I diD the same thing.
dogdog: Komm, come on, steh auf... wir müßen weg hier, raus aus dem Wald.
dogdog: DEIN LIPPENSTIFT IST VERWISCHT!
poocafe = neilfairweather?!
THE TRUE NORTH STRONG AND FREE!
Chris Hadfield = legenD
ironically I think CanaDian Tire is not the same as it used to be
dogdog: Leck mich im Arsch!
ha hah ah a ha ha ha hha ha
patchwork: I will continue to train dogdog with German sentences.
dogdog: Zwangvolle Plage!  Müh ohne Zweck!
dogdog: Hast du etwas Zeit für mich?  Singe ich ein Lied für dich von 99 Luftballons auf ihrem Weg zum Horizon!
hahaha
Wait until it starts to zalgo.
yes!
dogdog: Ein Mädchen oder Weibchen wünscht Papageno sich
Tod und Verklärung, dogdog.
justin_smith: NUMBERWANG is one of my favourite gameshows!!
THAT'S NUMBERWANG!
dogdog: THAT'S NUMBERWANG!
ha ha ahhaha
the next feature is to allow any users to add adjectives and nouns
so we can expand its vocabulary
dogdog: poem
poem!
nice
we should have it chain them
so it can respond to all of them
so 3D would give you a three word poem and a markov chain
hahah
hahah
it seems to like hernia
here comes Zalgo
hahaha
ZALGO IS COMING
we should have dogdog join IRC channels we don't like
hahahha
of course
he should be able to be in multiple rooms at once... is that possible right now/
?
i hope you guys are seeing the minimalist genius of the 3wp.
hahahah
the day it generated "redundant redundant ape" was one of the best days of my life
brilliant but fake!  there's no way that guy's windows machine was up for 4 years/
for sure!
hahah
3wp
sure thing... dealing with some dtc stuff and then i'll drop by
ouch
nice
I need coffee Z
It's too early. 3
giant magnetZ
patchwork is an android, not a bot
right dogdog?
ouch
hahahahahha
i feel like the corpus of words for markov analysis is being mangled by the mere presence of dogdog
yeah i was going to suggest that we chain everything together
ouch!
Three tells dogdog to generate a three-word-poem
no, only three-word-poems are supported currently...
Ausgezeichnet!
I think colloquy can't really handle a lot of Zalgo
it slows down a lot when there is Zalgo in its scrollback buffer
All unit tests should incorporate Zalgo testing.
Ahhhh hahaha I think I had one of those earlier
indeed
you need an antifungal shelf unguent.
clojure-bot has that
hahahahaha
radical talk on clojure, overtone, etc. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mfsnlbd-4xQ&feature=youtu.be
not sure if you guys have seen it before.
the guy is australian but don't hold it against him
Chris Ford
interesting dude
dogdog must be running on a remote host since patchwork already left
hahahah
do you mean the type of kebab?
poocafe: ^
yeah, turkish
speaking of tasty, I didn't bring any lunch today... any lunch plan?
hahaha
nice one, dogdog
poocafe: when you get a sec, can i borrow you to help me with my spring static resources issue?
awesome, many thx 3
poocafe: are there any examples of your new CanRenderDirective in the templates?
I am trying to figure out how to use it
ahhhh ok awesome
i just found the config where you set it up
haha
dogdog needs more words
hahaha
ZALGO
poocafe: isAuthorized directive works great!  I realigned the naming in the class and tests too
thanks for implementing that
hahaha
brilliant
"placid donair vision" is a brilliant 3 w p
damn, dogdog is not the latest version
Over the weekend I added the ability to add vocab to dogdog
So when patchwork is in, he can set up the new version
patchwork: we need to upgrade dogdog so that we can add to his vocab
precisely!
hahahaha
(galaxy is already there)
if he doesn't respond, it means he already has it
(poor UI, I know)
i think it catches the exception, no?
hahahaha
justin_smith: no hyphens
group-theory is a compound noun, we don't like those in 3wps.
i need to add a spell-check to any words added to the vocab
well, hang on...
yeah you're right
hahahah!
hahahahha
dogdog is making me laugh out loud
agrh!
spelling error!
patchwork: I will add a remove-noun and remove-adjective setup
then we can all edit the db
let's get the handler-chain set up and then we can easily write plugins
yikes
!!
patchwork: i believe so yes... give it a go.  i am pretty sure i tried that
well, clearly you were meant to play the church organ then
DOGDOG
dogdog: damn straight
can't wait for null and nil in the same poem
bad dogdog
patchwork: dogdog should also be able to create content on his own, not necessarily in response to others
dogdog likes sibling today
patchwork: dogdog word-forgetting in forget branch of gort!
and generates a poem with it, then removes it
we should teach dogdog to recognise clojure code, but still treat it as markov chains
you're right.  let's give dogdog su privs and let him execute randomly-generated clojure code.
ZINIO
pretty sure that's some serious innuendo there dogdog
Don't touch smelly!
yes dogdog
this room has gone to the dogdogs
Zinio launched
https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=Minnesota&data=!1m4!1m3!1d446772!2d-95.0196044!3d49.1405985!2m1!1e3!4m10!1m9!4m8!1m3!1d28010!2d-123.0559856!3d48.9867552!3m2!1i1413!2i1027!4f13.1&fid=7
https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=Point+Roberts+WA&data=!1m4!1m3!1d224261!2d-123.0058177!3d48.9462129!2m1!1e3!4m10!1m9!4m8!1m3!1d446772!2d-95.0196044!3d49.1405985!3m2!1i1413!2i1027!4f13.1&fid=7
Right dogdog?
DOCTYPE
3 w p
you guys should read b3ta.com if you don't already.  it's an incredible manifestation of the that sensibility.
the b3ta weekly newsletter is often the most brilliant thing you'll read all week.
dogdog, where should we eat lunch today?
dogdog, seriously.
dogdog got stuck in a feedback loop there
i'd want to allow it but it breaks the "three words" rule
yes, three
right dogdog?
I love the imagery that 3wp invokes
dogdog: what's with the lemurs?
http://500px.com/photo/40357406
dogdog, tell thisisjohnbrown what the trigger is.
thisisjohnbrown, "3" or "three" or "poem" will get you a three word poem
"D" will make dogdog say something in your style
and "dogdog" will have him say your own words back at you.
yes dogdog, that's right.
how about a poem?
that's the best dogdog yet
Indeed.  Who is Guest94137
buen día, dogdog
or "YCDTOTV"
DO IT
3♣
http://www.thisiscolossal.com/2013/07/melting-ceramics-by-livia-marin/
Did you know Charles Darwin's wife was a Wedgwood and was part of the Wedgwood china dynasty?
dogdog: you're pretty smart
dogdog is really getting very good at this poetry thing
let's see what dogdog thinks of your achievement.
patchwork: should we do a dogdog cleanup?
